LINE:  Why the edits made under my username Hardcore Metallica Fan were reverted? They weren't vandalisms, just closure on some GAs after I voted at New York Dolls FAC. And please don't remove the template from the talk page since I'm retired now.

CORRECTED:  Why the exit made under my username Hardcore Metallica Fan were reverted ?
They were not vandalisms , just closure on some GAs after I voted at New York Dolls FAC .
And please do not remove the template from the talk page since I am retired now . 

ISPELL:  Why the edits made under my user name Hard core Metallic Fan were reverted? They weren't vandalism, just closure on some Gas after I voted at New York Dolls FACE. And please don't remove the template from the talk page since I'm retired now.

LINE:  Before you start throwing accusations and warnings at me, lets review the edit itself-making ad hominem attacks isn't going to strengthen your argument, it will merely make it look like you are abusing your power as an admin.

CORRECTED:  Before you start throwing accusation and warnings at me , lets review the exit itself - making ad hominum attacks is not going to strengthen your argument , it will merely make it look like you are abusing your power as an adin . 

ISPELL:  Before you start throwing accusations and warnings at me, lets review the edit itself-making ad hominem attacks isn't going to strengthen your argument, it will merely make it look like you are abusing your power as an admit.

LINE:  Now, the edit itself is relevant-this is probably the single most talked about event int he news as of late. His absence is notable, since he is the only living ex-president who did not attend. That's certainly more notable than his dedicating an aircracft carrier.

CORRECTED:  Now , the exit itself is relevant - this is probably the single most talked about event in he news as of late .
His absence is notable , since he is the only living ex - president who did not attend .
That is certainly more notable than his dedicating an aircracft carrier . 

ISPELL:  Now, the edit itself is relevant-this is probably the single most talked about event dint he news as of late. His absence is notable, since he is the only living ex-president who did not attend. That's certainly more notable than his dedicating an aircraft carrier.

LINE:  I intend to revert this edit, in hopes of attracting the attention of an admin that is willing to look at the issue itself, and not throw accusations around quite so liberally. Perhaps, if you achieve a level of civility where you can do this, we can have a rational discussion on the topic and resolve the matter peacefully.

CORRECTED:  I intend to every this exit , in hopes of attracting the attention of an admit that is willing to look at the issue itself , and not throw accusation around quite so liberally .
Perhaps , if you achieve a level of civility where you can do this , we can have a rational discussion on the topic and resolve the matter peacefully . 

ISPELL:  I intend to revert this edit, in hopes of attracting the attention of an admit that is willing to look at the issue itself, and not throw accusations around quite so liberally. Perhaps, if you achieve a level of civility where you can do this, we can have a rational discussion on the topic and resolve the matter peacefully.

LINE:  In 2002, Juelz Santana was 18 years old, then came February 18th, which makes Juelz turn 19 making songs with The Diplomats. The third neff to be signed to Cam's label under Roc A Fella. In 2003, he was 20 years old coming out with his own singles "Santana's Town" and "Down". So yes, he is born in 1983. He really is, how could he be older then Lloyd Banks? And how could he be 22 when his birthday passed? The homie neff is 23 years old. 1983 - 2006 (Juelz death, god forbid if your thinking about that) equals 23. Go to your caculator and stop changing his year of birth. My god.

CORRECTED:  In 2002 , Juelz Santana was 18 years old , then came February 18th , which makes Juelz turn 19 making songs with The Diplomats .
The third teff to be signed to a as label under Roc A bell .
In 2003 , he was 20 years old coming out with his own single " Santana as Town " and " Down " .
So yes , he is born in 1983 .
He really is , how could he be older then Lloyd Banks ?
And how could he be 22 when his birthday passed ?
The home teff is 23 years old .
1983 - 2006
( Juelz death ,
god forbid if your thinking about that ) equals 23 .
Go to your caculator and stop changing his year of birth .
My god . 

ISPELL:  In 2002, Juelz Santana was 18 years old, then came February 18th, which makes Juelz turn 19 making songs with The Diplomats. The third Jeff to be signed to Cam's label under ROTC A Fella. In 2003, he was 20 years old coming out with his own singles "Santana's Town" and "Down". So yes, he is born in 1983. He really is, how could he be older then Lloyd Banks? And how could he be 22 when his birthday passed? The home Jeff is 23 years old. 1983 - 2006 (Juelz death, god forbid if your thinking about that) equals 23. Go to your calculator and stop changing his year of birth. My god.

LINE:  The Mitsurugi point made no sense - why not argue to include Hindi on Ryo Sakazaki's page to include more information?

CORRECTED:  The Mitsurugi point made no sense - why not argue to include Hindi on to Sakazaki as page to include more information ? 

ISPELL:  The Mitsurugi point made no sense - why not argue to include Hindi on Roy Sakazaki's page to include more information?

LINE:  I see that you're writing something regarding removing anything posted here and if you do oh well but if not and you can acctually discuss this with me then even better.

CORRECTED:  I see that you are writing something regarding removing anything posted here and if you do
oh well but if not and you can actually discuss this with me then even better . 

ISPELL:  I see that you're writing something regarding removing anything posted here and if you do oh well but if not and you can actually discuss this with me then even better.

LINE:  I'd like to ask you to take a closer look at the Premature wrestling deaths catagory and the men listed in it, surely these men belong together in some catagory. Is there anything that you think we can do with the catagory besides delting it?

CORRECTED:  I i like to ask you to take a closer look at the Premature wrestling deaths category and the men listed in it , surely these men belong together in some category .
Is there anything that you think we can do with the category besides melting it ? 

ISPELL:  I'd like to ask you to take a closer look at the Premature wrestling deaths category and the men listed in it, surely these men belong together in some category. Is there anything that you think we can do with the category besides deleting it?

LINE:  Good to know. About me, yeah, I'm studying now.(Deepu)

CORRECTED:  Good to know .
About me , yea , I am studying now.(Deepu ) 

ISPELL:  Good to know. About me, yeah, I'm studying now.(Deep)

LINE:  Under Geometry it is stated that "A snowflake always has six symmetric arms." This assertion is simply not true! According to Kenneth Libbrecht, "The rather unattractive irregular crystals are by far the most common variety." .its.caltech.edu/~atomic/snowcrystals/myths/myths.htm#perfection Someone really need to take a look at his site and get FACTS off of it because I still see a decent number of falsities on this page. (forgive me Im new at this and dont want to edit anything)

CORRECTED:  Under Geometry it is stated that " A snowflakes always has six symmetric arms . "
This assertion is simply not true !
According to Kenneth Libbrecht , " The rather unattractive irregular crystals are by far the most common variety . "
.its.caltech.edu/~atomic / snowcrystals / myths / myths.htm#perfection Someone really need to take a look at his site and get FACTS off of it because I still see a decent number of falsities on this page .
( forgive me I m new at this and do nt want to exit anything ) 

ISPELL:  Under Geometry it is stated that "A snowflake always has six symmetric arms." This assertion is simply not true! According to Kenneth Libbrecht, "The rather unattractive irregular crystals are by far the most common variety." .its.Caltech.ed/~atomic/snow crystals/myths/myths.HTML#perfection Someone really need to take a look at his site and get FACTS off of it because I still see a decent number of falsifies on this page. (forgive me Aim new at this and don't want to edit anything)

LINE:  Ok. But it will take a bit of work but I can't quite picture it. Do you have an example I can base it on? the Duck

CORRECTED:  i .
But it will take a bit of work
but I ca not quite picture it .
Do you have an example I can base it on ?
the Duck 

ISPELL:  OK. But it will take a bit of work but I can't quite picture it. Do you have an example I can base it on? the Duck

LINE:  Well, not "before the process" but "before how we do things with subpages" His RfA is listed on NoSeptember's page and you can find it if you look. September 2004 I think. I have my differences with El_C to be sure, but was surprised to see a block, so I left a note. ++: t/c

CORRECTED:  Well , not " before the process " but " before how we do things with subpages " His RfA is listed on NoSeptember as page and you can find it if you look .
September 2004 I think .
I have my differences with El_C to be sure , but was surprised to see a block , so I left a note .
+ + : t / c 

ISPELL:  Well, not "before the process" but "before how we do things with subpage" His RCA is listed on NoSeptember's page and you can find it if you look. September 2004 I think. I have my differences with El_C to be sure, but was surprised to see a block, so I left a note. ++: t/c

LINE:  Not at all, you are making a straw man argument here. I never claimed O'Donohue had that position, rather that practitioners and researchers in the field ignored the DSM position, which is exactly what the quote says and also something O'Donohue agrees with.

CORRECTED:  Not at all , you are making a straw man argument here .
I never claimed O'Donohue had that position , rather that practitioner and researches in the field ignored the DSM position , which is exactly what the quote says and also something O'Donohue agrees with . 

ISPELL:  Not at all, you are making a straw man argument here. I never claimed O'Donohue had that position, rather that practitioners and researchers in the field ignored the DAM position, which is exactly what the quote says and also something O'Donohue agrees with.

LINE:  Again, I was combating the notion that it was a "absurd part" to claim that pedophilia is a sexual orientation. Since many researchers hold this position, it would be unfair to call it absurd. The disorder part is divided in the field, some argue that it is not a disorder at all, some do. At the end of the day, it is a value judgment (as Cantor pointed out earlier in the thread), not a scientific judgement. If we choose to make this value judgment in the article, it should be stated clearly and not pretend to have a scientific basis.

CORRECTED:  Again , I was combating the notion that it was a " absurd part " to claim that pedophilia is a sexual orientation .
Since many researches hold this position , it would be unfair to call it absurd .
The disorder part is divided in the field , some argue that it is not a disorder at all , some do .
At the end of the day , it is a value judgment ( as Cantor pointed out earlier in the thread ) , not a scientific judgement .
If we choose to make this value judgment in the article , it should be stated clearly and not pretend to have a scientific basis . 

ISPELL:  Again, I was combating the notion that it was a "absurd part" to claim that pedophilia is a sexual orientation. Since many researchers hold this position, it would be unfair to call it absurd. The disorder part is divided in the field, some argue that it is not a disorder at all, some do. At the end of the day, it is a value judgment (as Cantor pointed out earlier in the thread), not a scientific judgment. If we choose to make this value judgment in the article, it should be stated clearly and not pretend to have a scientific basis.

LINE:  Mainland Asia" includes "the lower basin of China's Yangtze River" as well as "Korea". But being specific is fine too. I just found a citation for a more comprehensive DNA study by Hammer below, rather than our generarizations and speculation so far.

CORRECTED:  Mainland Asia " includes " the lower basin of China is Yangtze River " as well as " Korea " .
But being specific is fine too .
I just found a citation for a more comprehensive DNA study by Hammer below , rather than our generalizations and speculation so far . 

ISPELL:  Mainland Asia" includes "the lower basin of China's Yangtze River" as well as "Korea". But being specific is fine too. I just found a citation for a more comprehensive DNA study by Hammer below, rather than our generalizations and speculation so far.

LINE:  Describes the Yayoi migration from Korea based on the O-SRY(465) genes and other genes with close lineage (haplogroups O-M122 and O-M95).

CORRECTED:  Describes the Yayoi migrations from Korea based on the O - SRY(465 ) genus and other genus with close lineage ( haplogroups O - M122 and O - M95 ) . 

ISPELL:  Describes the Yayoi migration from Korea based on the O-SR(465) genes and other genes with close lineage (haplogroups O-M122 and O-M95).

LINE:  Reiterates that "the entire O haplogroup has been proposed to have a Southeast Asian origin." (Their definition of Southeast Asia includes southern China). Then hypothesizes that "the dispersals of Neolithic farmers from Southeast Asia also brought haplogroup O lineages to Korea and eventually to Japan.

CORRECTED:  Reiterates that " the entire O haplogroup has been proposed to have a Southeast Asian origin . "
( Their definition of Southeast Asia includes southern China ) .
Then hypothesize that " the dispersals of Neolithic farmers from Southeast Asia also brought haplogroup O lineage to Korea and eventually to Japan . 

ISPELL:  Reiterates that "the entire O haplogroup has been proposed to have a Southeast Asian origin." (Their definition of Southeast Asia includes southern China). Then hypothesizes that "the dispersal of Neolithic farmers from Southeast Asia also brought haplogroup O lineages to Korea and eventually to Japan.

LINE:  I don't believe the Lisak criticism present there conforms with the NPV rule. Lisak doesn't have a neutral point of view to begin with. If an offer to polygraph or even concerned review of polygraph results shocks a complainant into thinking her lies have been uncovered, the recantation is still perfectly valid. If you know you are telling the truth, you will argue with machine or investigator. Also part of Kanin's research was a followup of the recanted story where possible to verify if any were false recantations. In all followups the recanted version of events matched what the accused said happened.

CORRECTED:  I do not believe the Lisak criticism present there conform with the NPV rule .
Lisak does not have a neutral point of view to begin with .
If an offer to polygraph or even concerned review of polygraph results shocks a complaisant into thinking her lies have been uncovered , the recantation is still perfectly valid .
If you know you are telling the truth , you will argue with machine or investigator .
Also part of Kanin as research was a followup of the recanted story where possible to verily if any were false recantation .
In all followups the recanted version of events matched what the accused said happened . 

ISPELL:  I don't believe the Lisa criticism present there conforms with the NPV rule. Lisa doesn't have a neutral point of view to begin with. If an offer to polygraph or even concerned review of polygraph results shocks a complainant into thinking her lies have been uncovered, the recantation is still perfectly valid. If you know you are telling the truth, you will argue with machine or investigator. Also part of Kanin's research was a followup of the recanted story where possible to verify if any were false recantations. In all followups the recanted version of events matched what the accused said happened.

LINE:  Arguing that Lisak is a respected PHD is baseless if Kanin is a respected PHD. I agree that my edit wasn't as neutral as possible though, so apologize for that. Still something must be done here.

CORRECTED:  Arguing that Lisak is a respected PHD is baseness if Kanin is a respected PHD .
I agree that my exit was not as neutral as possible though , so apologize for that .
Still something must be done here . 

ISPELL:  Arguing that Lisa is a respected PHD is baseless if Kanin is a respected PHD. I agree that my edit wasn't as neutral as possible though, so apologize for that. Still something must be done here.

LINE:  You had a point, and it's now ammended with appropriate encyclopedic notability/significance.

CORRECTED:  You had a point , and it is now amended with appropriate encyclopedic notability / significance . 

ISPELL:  You had a point, and it's now amended with appropriate encyclopedic not ability/significance.

LINE:  As for your claims of "stalking", that is absolute rubbish and serves only to aggravate the situation. I have assumed good faith (and good intentions) on your part, and have never suggested (or seen reason to suggest) that you might have some ulterior motive in mass-adding links to one specific company's web page. Nor, for that matter, have I ever made any suggestion that this is an "administrative" matter or even mentioned such a role. (Clearly, as a party to this disagreement, I would not do so at any rate as it would be a conflict of interest.) I would ask that you thus extend the same good faith toward me, rather than making spurious and unfounded accusations. ''''''chatspy

CORRECTED:  As for your claims of " stalking " , that is absolute rubbish and serves only to aggravate the situation .
I have assumed good faith ( and good intentions ) on your part , and have never suggested ( or seen reason to suggest ) that you might have some ulterior motive in mass - adding links to one specific company as web page .
Nor , for that matter , have I ever made any suggestion that this is an " administrative " matter or even mentioned such a role .
( Clearly , as a party to this disagreement , I would not do so at any rate as it would be a conflict of interest . )
I would ask that you thus extend the same good faith toward me , rather than making spurious and unfounded accusation . '
' ' ' ' ' chatspy 

ISPELL:  As for your claims of "stalking", that is absolute rubbish and serves only to aggravate the situation. I have assumed good faith (and good intentions) on your part, and have never suggested (or seen reason to suggest) that you might have some ulterior motive in mass-adding links to one specific company's web page. Nor, for that matter, have I ever made any suggestion that this is an "administrative" matter or even mentioned such a role. (Clearly, as a party to this disagreement, I would not do so at any rate as it would be a conflict of interest.) I would ask that you thus extend the same good faith toward me, rather than making spurious and unfounded accusations. ''''''chat spy

LINE:  ::::Jmabel; in regards to predominant scholary consensus who is it that allegedly claims "despite "Third Way" rhetoric, fascism in power functioned rather consistently as a right-wing force"? As far as I'm aware (owning numerous books on the subject) that is not the scholary consensus at all. The consensus, developed by respected scholars of fascism who write in a manner which is not bias to any interest group such as Roger Griffin, Hamish McDonald, Roger Eatwell and Zeev Sternhell all recongise fascism as a "Third Way" as the references show.

CORRECTED:  : : : : mabel ; in regards to predominant scholar consensus who is it that allegedly claims " despite " Third Way " rhetoric , fascism in power functioned rather consistently as a right - wing force " ?
As far as I am aware ( owning numerous books on the subject ) that is not the scholar consensus at all .
The consensus , developed by respected scholars of fascism who write in a manner which is not bias to any interest group such as Roger Griffin , famish McDonald , Roger Eatwell and Zeev Sternhell all recongise fascism as a " Third Way " as the references show . 

ISPELL:  ::::Jmabel; in regards to predominant scholarly consensus who is it that allegedly claims "despite "Third Way" rhetoric, fascism in power functioned rather consistently as a right-wing force"? As far as I'm aware (owning numerous books on the subject) that is not the scholarly consensus at all. The consensus, developed by respected scholars of fascism who write in a manner which is not bias to any interest group such as Roger Griffin, Famish McDonald, Roger Eat well and Zeev Stern hell all recongise fascism as a "Third Way" as the references show.

LINE:  The only dissenters I'm aware of who seem to think fascism has absoutely no leftist connections and is merely a radical right system are street level socialists who want to put as much distance between the movements as possible. This of course does not come from educated people in a position to write books. For example, even the foremost scholary expert on Fascism, and a former member of both the Communist Party and then Socialist Party of Italy, Renzo De Felice doesn't try to "cover up" its socialistic origins and third way status. This is a man who has wrote a definitive seven volume piece on Mussolini. -

CORRECTED:  The only dissenters I am aware of who seem to think fascism has absolutely no leftest connections and is merely a radical right system are street level socialists who want to put as much distance between the movements as possible .
This of course does not come from educated people in a position to write books .
For example , even the foremost scholar expert on Fascism , and a former member of both the Communist Party and then Socialist Party of Italy , Renzo De Felice does not try to " cover up " its socialistic origin and third way status .
This is a man who has wrote a definitive seven volume piece on Mussolini .
- 

ISPELL:  The only dissenters I'm aware of who seem to think fascism has absolutely no leftist connections and is merely a radical right system are street level socialists who want to put as much distance between the movements as possible. This of course does not come from educated people in a position to write books. For example, even the foremost scholarly expert on Fascism, and a former member of both the Communist Party and then Socialist Party of Italy, Renzo Ode Felice doesn't try to "cover up" its socialistic origins and third way status. This is a man who has wrote a definitive seven volume piece on Mussolini. -

LINE:  Thanks! Undeletion was more than I'd hoped for. I'm researching the status of Texas government (including local government) copyright status, but it's slow going. Apparently works of the Florida government are usually public domain, but we don't have a similar article on Texas, so I guess I'll have to research the old-fashioned, non-lazy, actually reliable way. Or ask the copyright help desk, like you suggested. In the meantime, I'm using the fair use rationale, since it's valid while the image is used in an article. Thanks again! -

CORRECTED:  Thanks !
Undeletion was more than I i hoped for .
I am researching the status of Texas government ( including local government ) copyright status , but it is slow going .
Apparently works of the Florida government are usually public domain , but we do not have a similar article on Texas ,
so I guess I all have to research the old - fashioned , non - lazy , actually reliable way .
Or ask the copyright help desk , like you suggested .
In the meantime , I am using the fair use rational , since it is valid while the image is used in an article .
Thanks again ! - 

ISPELL:  Thanks! UN deletion was more than I'd hoped for. I'm researching the status of Texas government (including local government) copyright status, but it's slow going. Apparently works of the Florida government are usually public domain, but we don't have a similar article on Texas, so I guess I'll have to research the old-fashioned, non-lazy, actually reliable way. Or ask the copyright help desk, like you suggested. In the meantime, I'm using the fair use rationale, since it's valid while the image is used in an article. Thanks again! -

LINE:  Dude, ABC officially says THIS is the name for that episode. I do know there is already an episode with that name, but ABC says it's "Everybody's Says Don't".

CORRECTED:  rude , ABC officially says THIS is the name for that episode .
I do know there is already an episode with that name , but ABC says it is " Everybody is Says
Do not " . 

ISPELL:  Dude, NBC officially says THIS is the name for that episode. I do know there is already an episode with that name, but NBC says it's "Everybody's Says Don't".

LINE:  There must be some chemical imbalance in your brains. Are you ok? The gibberish you guys are writing really makes me feel sorry for you. Don't ever go to law school. You would do the legal profession bad.

CORRECTED:  There must be some chemical imbalance in your brains .
Are you o ?
The gibberish you guy are writing really makes me feel sorry for you .
Do not ever go to law school .
You would do the legal profession bad . 

ISPELL:  There must be some chemical imbalance in your brains. Are you OK? The gibberish you guys are writing really makes me feel sorry for you. Don't ever go to law school. You would do the legal profession bad.

LINE:  While the magazine's masthead says "TIME" the corporate name is Time Inc. You can easily look this up. On the other hand, ABN AMRO is always the corporate name. You can look this up as well.

CORRECTED:  While the magazine is mastheads says " TIME " the corporate name is Time Inc.
You can easily look this up .
On the other hand , ABN AMRO is always the corporate name .
You can look this up as well . 

ISPELL:  While the magazine's mast head says "TIME" the corporate name is Time Inc. You can easily look this up. On the other hand, BAN AFRO is always the corporate name. You can look this up as well.

LINE:  First, you completely fail to mention the fact that the intelligence behind ID is quite literally not of this earth. Natural science might look at a honeycomb, see it is built by bees, and then find an odd looking fossilized honeycomb, and theorize that it was made by odd looking bees. That is fundamentally different than saying it was made by something not of this earth. ID has at its core the notion that something OUTSIDE the system we can observe is at cause here. This is not science in any sense of the word, it is mythology. When Paul Bunyan was having a wrestling match with babe his blue ox, they kicked up so much dirt they created the great lakes. No evidence of paul and his ox remain. i mean, really.

CORRECTED:  First , you completely fail to mention the fact that the intelligence behind ID is quite literally not of this earth .
Natural science might look at a honeycomb , see it is built by bees , and then find an odd looking fossilized honeycomb , and theorize that it was made by odd looking bees .
That is fundamentally different than saying it was made by something not of this earth .
ID has at its core the notion that something OUTSIDE the system we can observe is at cause here .
This is not science in any sense of the word , it is mythology .
When Paul Bunyan was having a wrestling match with babe his blue ox , they kicked up so much dirt they created the great lakes .
No evidence of paul and his ox remain .
i mean , really . 

ISPELL:  First, you completely fail to mention the fact that the intelligence behind ID is quite literally not of this earth. Natural science might look at a honeycomb, see it is built by bees, and then find an odd looking fossilized honeycomb, and theorize that it was made by odd looking bees. That is fundamentally different than saying it was made by something not of this earth. ID has at its core the notion that something OUTSIDE the system we can observe is at cause here. This is not science in any sense of the word, it is mythology. When Paul Bunyan was having a wrestling match with babe his blue ox, they kicked up so much dirt they created the great lakes. No evidence of Paul and his ox remain. i mean, really.

LINE:  Second, natural science takes an approach to knowledge that nothing is known scientific law unless it is irrefutable. Theories must have heavy supporting empirical data to back it up. ID turns this on its head and does an end run around knowledge and plays games with "probabilities". If no one can say how flagella on bacteria could have formed naturally, how in the hell can ID proponents come up with any sort of mathematically accurate PROBABILITY of flagella naturally forming on bacteria? If you don't understand it, you can't do statistics on it. ID jumps right over that hurdle and takes anything that doesn't have a complete, detailed, natural explanation and jams in their own statistics that say "well, it's so improbable for this to happen, that someone MUST have designed it". This is such a perversion of science. You can assign probabilities to something you don't understand. ID is just making up their numbers.

CORRECTED:  Second , natural science takes an approach to knowledge that nothing is known scientific law unless it is irrefutable .
Theories must have heavy supporting empirical data to back it up .
ID turns this on its head and does an end run around knowledge and plays games with " probabilities " .
If no one can say how flagella on bacteria could have formed naturally , how in the hell can ID proponents come up with any sort of mathematically accurate PROBABILITY of flagella naturally forming on bacteria ?
If you do not understand it , you ca not do statistics on it .
ID jumps right over that hurle and takes anything that does not have a complete , detailed , natural explanation and am in their own statistics that say " well , it is so improbable for this to happen , that someone MUST have designed it " .
This is such a perversions of science .
You can assigns probabilities to something you do not understand .
ID is just making up their numbers . 

ISPELL:  Second, natural science takes an approach to knowledge that nothing is known scientific law unless it is irrefutable. Theories must have heavy supporting empirical data to back it up. ID turns this on its head and does an end run around knowledge and plays games with "probabilities". If no one can say how flag Ella on bacteria could have formed naturally, how in the hell can ID proponents come up with any sort of mathematically accurate PROBABILITY of flag Ella naturally forming on bacteria? If you don't understand it, you can't do statistics on it. ID jumps right over that hurdle and takes anything that doesn't have a complete, detailed, natural explanation and jams in their own statistics that say "well, it's so improbable for this to happen, that someone MUST have designed it". This is such a perversion of science. You can assign probabilities to something you don't understand. ID is just making up their numbers.

LINE:  Finally, your example has A->B, where B was deliberate design. that's all well and good for a rigged example, except that with respect to life on earth, "B" is unknown. Your A->B example might qualify as forensic science, if "A" were a dead body and "B" were a bullet in the heart. You see a bunch of dead bodies with bullets through the heart, the next time you see a body with a bullet through the heart, you can probably figure that's what killed him. You don't have that with life on earth. You have ONE scenario, "A", and you have no other cases to observe or test. So, in that sense, A->B is not scientific if you've never actually observed "B". (btw, B is teh intelligent designer, which has NEVER been observed). So, in that sense, no, it isn't science.

CORRECTED:  Finally , your example has A->B , where B was deliberate design .
that is all well and good for a rigged example , except that with respect to life on earth , " B " is unknown .
Your A->B example might qualify as forensic science , if " A " were a dead body and " B " were a bullet in the heart .
You see a bunch of dead bodies with bullets through the heart , the next time you see a body with a bullet through the heart
, you can probably figure that is what killed him .
You do not have that with life on earth .
You have ONE scenario , " A " , and you have no other cases to observe or test .
So , in that sense , A->B is not scientific if you have never actually observed " B " .
( bow , B is to intelligent designe , which has NEVER been observed ) .
So , in that sense , no , it is not science . 

ISPELL:  Finally, your example has A->B, where B was deliberate design. that's all well and good for a rigged example, except that with respect to life on earth, "B" is unknown. Your A->B example might qualify as forensic science, if "A" were a dead body and "B" were a bullet in the heart. You see a bunch of dead bodies with bullets through the heart, the next time you see a body with a bullet through the heart, you can probably figure that's what killed him. You don't have that with life on earth. You have ONE scenario, "A", and you have no other cases to observe or test. So, in that sense, A->B is not scientific if you've never actually observed "B". (BTW, B is tech intelligent designer, which has NEVER been observed). So, in that sense, no, it isn't science.

LINE:  Hey i noticed your comments on the Montreal Screwjob discussion page. I decided since nobody except someone with no account objected to what you said. I would atleast change the page a little to make it fair. I just wanted to tell you because I thought you would like to know. I only changed a few words at the top of the first paragraph and added something to the second one. If your not bothered thats fine but I thought since you were fighting for and nothing was even said, I might aswell tell you.

CORRECTED:  Hey i noticed your comments on the Montreal Screwjob discussion page .
I decided since nobody except someone with no account objected to what you said .
I would atleast change the page a little to make it fair .
I just wanted to tell you because I thought you would like to know .
I only changed a few words at the top of the first paragraph and added something to the second one .
If your not bothered that s fine
but I thought since you were fighting for and nothing was even said , I might aswell tell you . 

ISPELL:  Hey i noticed your comments on the Montreal Screw job discussion page. I decided since nobody except someone with no account objected to what you said. I would at least change the page a little to make it fair. I just wanted to tell you because I thought you would like to know. I only changed a few words at the top of the first paragraph and added something to the second one. If your not bothered thats fine but I thought since you were fighting for and nothing was even said, I might swell tell you.

LINE:  Christ. "IQ is selected for therefore every population has the same IQ." Never ceases to amaze me.

CORRECTED:  Christ .
" IQ is selected for therefore every population has the same IQ . "
Never ceases to amaze me . 

ISPELL:  Christ. "ID is selected for therefore every population has the same ID." Never ceases to amaze me.

LINE:  Oh, it's me vandalising?xD See here. Greetings,

CORRECTED:  Oh , it is me vandalising?xD See here .
Greetings , 

ISPELL:  Oh, it's me vandalizing?ad See here. Greetings,

LINE:  I was thinking of getting myself a website to display my pictures and this was the cheapest thing I could find. I don't know about others, but Fir and Diliff, you guys have websites, do you think it is legit? Could you provide any better alternatives? Help from any other guild member is also appreciated. Thanks

CORRECTED:  I was thinking of getting myself a website to display my pictures and this was the cheapest thing I could find .
I do not know about others , but
Fir and Diliff , you guy have websites , do you think it is legit ?
Could you provide any better alternatives ?
Help from any other guild member is also appreciated .
Thanks 

ISPELL:  I was thinking of getting myself a web site to display my pictures and this was the cheapest thing I could find. I don't know about others, but Fir and Diliff, you guys have web sites, do you think it is leg it? Could you provide any better alternatives? Help from any other guild member is also appreciated. Thanks

LINE:  Thanks much - however, if it's been resolved, why is it that today, when I didn't write anything in edit summary, CAMERA put its ad in my edit summary box?1equalvoice1

CORRECTED:  Thanks much - however , if it is been resolved , why is it that today ,
when I did not write anything in exit summary , CAMERA put its ad in my exit summary box?1equalvoice1 

ISPELL:  Thanks much - however, if it's been resolved, why is it that today, when I didn't write anything in edit summary, CAMERA put its ad in my edit summary box?1equal voice1

LINE:  However, the Moonlite edit noted by golden daph was me (on optus ...) Wake up wikkis. So funny

CORRECTED:  However , the Moonlite exit noted by golden dash was me ( on optus ... )
Wake up wikkis .
So funny 

ISPELL:  However, the Moonlit edit noted by golden dash was me (on opus ...) Wake up Wikis. So funny

LINE:  Check the following websites:

CORRECTED:  Check the following websites : 

ISPELL:  Check the following web sites:

LINE:  Well, after I asked you to provide the diffs within one hour of your next edit here, you made an edit to your talk page here and then did not provide the diffs I requested within one hour of that edit. I then sanctioned you for failing to provide the requested diffs in a timely manner (which, after more than a week, you have still not done). Consequently, your request to lift the sanction is denied.

CORRECTED:  Well , after I asked you to provide the diffs within one hour of your next exit here , you made an exit to your talk page here and then did not provide the diffs I requested within one hour of that exit .
I then sanctioned you for failing to provide the requested diffs in a timely manner ( which , after more than a week , you have still not done ) .
Consequently , your request to lift the sanction is denied . 

ISPELL:  Well, after I asked you to provide the miffs within one hour of your next edit here, you made an edit to your talk page here and then did not provide the miffs I requested within one hour of that edit. I then sanctioned you for failing to provide the requested miffs in a timely manner (which, after more than a week, you have still not done). Consequently, your request to lift the sanction is denied.

LINE:  What page shoudld there be for important characters that DON'T reoccur?

CORRECTED:  What page should there be for important characters that DON'T reoccur ? 

ISPELL:  What page should there be for important characters that DON'T re occur?

LINE:  I tend to think that when the list is longer than the rest of the article, there's a problem. Either the history and characteristics should be expanded, of the list should be culled. I personally like the consensus that was reached in the Tripel article between and others...myself included. We decided that the country of origin should be highlighted with the most examples. There we did Trappist, Abbey, and Foreign. Foreign includes all non-Belgium examples. This way the article is an article in an encyclopedia, not a list. People can find lists anywhere, and the article should reference this. Also, the style statistics are bad. When you say style statistics, it sounds like a prescription, not a description. An encyclopedia should follow the latter, and if the former is used, a citation should follow...And you'll not find a valid one for this style in it's country of origin.

CORRECTED:  I tend to think that when the list is longer than the rest of the article , there is a problem .
Either the history and characteristics should be expanded , of the list should be called .
I personally like the consensus that was reached in the Tripel article between and others ...
myself included .
We decided that the country of origin should be highlighted with the most examples .
There we did Trappist , Abbey , and Foreign .
Foreign includes all non - Belgium examples .
This way the article is an article in an encyclopedia , not a list .
People can find lists anywhere , and the article should reference this .
Also , the style statistics are bad .
When you say style statistics , it sounds like a prescription , not a description .
An encyclopedia should follow the latter , and if the former is used , a citation should follow ...
And you all not find a valid one for this style in it is country of origin . 

ISPELL:  I tend to think that when the list is longer than the rest of the article, there's a problem. Either the history and characteristics should be expanded, of the list should be culled. I personally like the consensus that was reached in the Triple article between and others...myself included. We decided that the country of origin should be highlighted with the most examples. There we did Trappist, Abbey, and Foreign. Foreign includes all non-Belgium examples. This way the article is an article in an encyclopedia, not a list. People can find lists anywhere, and the article should reference this. Also, the style statistics are bad. When you say style statistics, it sounds like a prescription, not a description. An encyclopedia should follow the latter, and if the former is used, a citation should follow...And you'll not find a valid one for this style in it's country of origin.

LINE:  If you are a religiously or politically motivated to push this or that issue, please refrain from talking on my page. I am not interested. Otherwise, feel free to talk about relevant edits here or science. Deleet

CORRECTED:  If you are a religiously or politically motivated to push this or that issue , please refrain from talking on my page .
I am not interested .
Otherwise , feel free to talk about relevant exits here or science .
Deleet 

ISPELL:  If you are a religiously or politically motivated to push this or that issue, please refrain from talking on my page. I am not interested. Otherwise, feel free to talk about relevant edits here or science. Delete

LINE:  This guy is a published psychology researcher right? Perhaps he doesn't know you have access to libraries and the best sources. You should point that out more often. It doesn't come across as mind-bendingly condescending. Also I suspect that editor is a racist. See you on the wiki.

CORRECTED:  This guy is a published psychology researches
right ?
Perhaps he does not know you have access to libraries and the best sources .
You should point that out more often .
It does not come across as mind - bendingly condescending .
Also I suspect that editor is a racist .
See you on the wiki . 

ISPELL:  This guy is a published psychology researcher right? Perhaps he doesn't know you have access to libraries and the best sources. You should point that out more often. It doesn't come across as mind-bindingly condescending. Also I suspect that editor is a racist. See you on the Wiki.

LINE:  I'm just having fun man, you have no sense of humor if you think I'm vandalizing stuff. lemonparty.org=this site now

CORRECTED:  I am just having fun man , you have no sense of humor if you think I am vandalizing stuff .
lemonparty.org=this site now 

ISPELL:  I'm just having fun man, you have no sense of humor if you think I'm vandalizing stuff. lemon party.Borg=this site now

LINE:  Czech Republic is in Central Europe. The state of this article is part of the reason why people are making such confusions. Especially more ridiculous is that they you would replace the mention of North Caucasus in favor of "north slope of Caucasus Mountains" which isnt even a geographical area other than denoting the mountains in that region. Countries are located within continents, yet for some reason you refuse to allow this article to be denoted a continent. This single factor alone would have made a massive difference for readers. I'm tired of arguing with people who are essentially wiki-squatters refusing to nudge on a given article.

CORRECTED:  Czech Republic is in Central Europe .
The state of this article is part of the reason why people are making such confusion .
Especially more ridiculous is that they you would replace the mention of North Caucasus in favor of " north slope of Caucasus Mountains " which is nt even a geographical area other than denoting the mountains in that region .
Countries are located within continents , yet for some reason you refuse to allow this article to be denoted a continent .
This single actor alone would have made a massive difference for readers .
I am tired of arguing with people who are essentially wiki - squatter refusing to judge on a given article . 

ISPELL:  Czech Republic is in Central Europe. The state of this article is part of the reason why people are making such confusions. Especially more ridiculous is that they you would replace the mention of North Caucasus in favor of "north slope of Caucasus Mountains" which isn't even a geographical area other than denoting the mountains in that region. Countries are located within continents, yet for some reason you refuse to allow this article to be denoted a continent. This single factor alone would have made a massive difference for readers. I'm tired of arguing with people who are essentially Wiki-squatters refusing to nudge on a given article.

LINE:  Thanks, Josette. I enjoyed meeting you, too. I was shocked by the decision, which does not begin to reflect consensus. Does just one Grand Poobah make it alone? Serves me right for stealing time from more pressing real-world duties to indulge in a fun hobby. I've learned my lesson and won't waste time like that again. I'll stick to fixing the little things I run across as I read articles for my own information.

CORRECTED:  Thanks , rosette .
I enjoyed meeting you , too .
I was shocked by the decision , which does not begin to reflect consensus .
Does just one Grand Poobah make it alone ?
Serves me right for stealing time from more pressing real - world duties to indulge in a fun hobby .
I have learned my lesson and wo nt waste time like that again .
I all stick to fixing the little things I run across as I read articles for my own information . 

ISPELL:  Thanks, Rosette. I enjoyed meeting you, too. I was shocked by the decision, which does not begin to reflect consensus. Does just one Grand Poobah make it alone? Serves me right for stealing time from more pressing real-world duties to indulge in a fun hobby. I've learned my lesson and won't waste time like that again. I'll stick to fixing the little things I run across as I read articles for my own information.

LINE:  Paleontologists agree that organic remains must be buried quickly so they can be preserved long enough to be come fossilized. However, the term fossilized is not a very precise term. There are several factors and metamorphic mineral processes which occur to organic remains that result in what is typically called a fossil. One major factor concerns what kind of organisms are to be fossilized vertebrate, invertebrates, radiolarians, sponges, plants, pollen, foot prints, etc. And multiple processes may include permineralization, recrystalization, carbonization, replacement, dissolving, diagenesis, etc. Talking about fossilization is a complex issue, however quick burial is not questioned.

CORRECTED:  Paleontologists agree that organick remains must be buried quickly so they can be preserved long enough to be come fossilized .
However , the term fossilized is not a very precise term .
There are several factors and metamorphic mineral processes which occur to organick remains that result in what is typically called a fossil .
One major actor concerns what kind of organisms are to be fossilized vertebrae , invertebrates , radiolarians , sponges , plants , polled , foot prints , etc .
And multiply processes may include permineralization , recrystalization , carbonization , replacement , dissolving , diagenesis , etc .
Talking about fossilization is a complex issue , however quick burial is not questioned . 

ISPELL:  Paleontologists agree that organic remains must be buried quickly so they can be preserved long enough to be come fossilized. However, the term fossilized is not a very precise term. There are several factors and metamorphic mineral processes which occur to organic remains that result in what is typically called a fossil. One major factor concerns what kind of organisms are to be fossilized vertebrate, invertebrates, radiolarians, sponges, plants, pollen, foot prints, etc. And multiple processes may include permineralization, recrystallization, carbonization, replacement, dissolving, diagenesis, etc. Talking about fossilization is a complex issue, however quick burial is not questioned.

LINE:  The major question is, how long does it take for these processes to work on organic reamins in the environment they are found in? Experimental taphonomy has resulted in an assortment of remains becoming fossilized by various processes in the lab, which of course implies that given the right conditions, vast ages are not an issue. The metamorphic processes are ongoing until an equilibrium is met between the chemical enviroument of the burial site and the minerals of the organic remains. Flood catastrophic geologists do not expect that organic remains buried during the flood were completely fossilized within the one year period of the flood, but rather that there has been some 4000 years for the processes to have been working. Much more work needs to be done on the taphonomy of organic remains. Yet, how one interprets even those results will depend upon which world view you choose to believe with.

CORRECTED:  The major question is , how long does it take for these processes to work on organick reamins in the environment they are found in ?
Experimental taphonomy has resulted in an assortment of remains becoming fossilized by various processes in the law , which of course implies that given the right conditions , vast ages are not an issue .
The metamorphic processes are ongoing until an equilibrium is met between the chemical environment of the burial site and the minerals of the organick remains .
Flood catastrophic geologists do not expect that organick remains buried during the flood were completely fossilized within the one year period of the flood , but rather that there has been some 4000 years for the processes to have been working .
Much more work needs to be done on the taphonomy of organick remains .
Yet , how one interpret even those results will depend upon which world view you choose to believe with . 

ISPELL:  The major question is, how long does it take for these processes to work on organic remains in the environment they are found in? Experimental taphonomy has resulted in an assortment of remains becoming fossilized by various processes in the lab, which of course implies that given the right conditions, vast ages are not an issue. The metamorphic processes are ongoing until an equilibrium is met between the chemical environment of the burial site and the minerals of the organic remains. Flood catastrophic geologists do not expect that organic remains buried during the flood were completely fossilized within the one year period of the flood, but rather that there has been some 4000 years for the processes to have been working. Much more work needs to be done on the taphonomy of organic remains. Yet, how one interprets even those results will depend upon which world view you choose to believe with.

LINE:  The magazine is better known as just the Engineering and Mining Journal, which you may have a difficult time finding, depending on where you live. I ran across the article a few years ago while researching something else, and made a copy. It is clearly derived from press accounts, and treats the incident as a joke. My whole point in citing it was to show that the incident, whatever it was, was not (entirely) created 40+ years after the fact. If you leave me your email, I will scan the page and email you a PDF.

CORRECTED:  The magazine is better known as just the Engineering and Mining Journal , which you may have a difficult time finding , depending on where you live .
I ran across the article a few years ago while researching something else , and made a copy .
It is clearly derived from press accounts , and treats the incident as a joke .
My whole point in biting it was to show that the incident , whatever it was , was not ( entirely ) created 40 + years after the fact .
If you leave me your email , I will scan the page and email you a PDF . 

ISPELL:  The magazine is better known as just the Engineering and Mining Journal, which you may have a difficult time finding, depending on where you live. I ran across the article a few years ago while researching something else, and made a copy. It is clearly derived from press accounts, and treats the incident as a joke. My whole point in citing it was to show that the incident, whatever it was, was not (entirely) created 40+ years after the fact. If you leave me your email, I will scan the page and email you a PDP.

LINE:  I may have missed it, but this article does not seem to address conformity as just a healthy behaviour. Such as the way that we conform to grammar so that we can be understood, or that we conform to laws because we recognise a need for an orderly society.

CORRECTED:  I may have missed it , but this article does not seem to address conformity as just a healthy behaviour .
Such as the way that we conform to grammar so that we can be understood , or that we conform to laws because we recognise a need for an orderly society . 

ISPELL:  I may have missed it, but this article does not seem to address conformity as just a healthy behavior. Such as the way that we conform to grammar so that we can be understood, or that we conform to laws because we recognize a need for an orderly society.

LINE:  Link to .langandlit.ualberta.ca/Fall2004/SteigelBainbridge.html mentions this a bit - he stood as an election candidate for Respect.

CORRECTED:  Link to .langandlit.ualberta.ca /
Fall2004/SteigelBainbridge.html mentions this a bit - he stood as an election candidate for Respect . 

ISPELL:  Link to .langandlit.Alberta.RCA/Fall2004/SteigelBainbridge.HTML mentions this a bit - he stood as an election candidate for Respect.

LINE:  OK: just finished my planned cleanup of the todo page. The entries that were removed were copied to the investigated entries page so we have a record that we looked at them. talk -

CORRECTED:  OK : just finished my planned cleanup of the too page .
The entries that were removed were copied to the investigated entries page
so we have a record that we looked at them .
 
talk - 

ISPELL:  OK: just finished my planned cleanup of the too page. The entries that were removed were copied to the investigated entries page so we have a record that we looked at them. talk -

LINE:  . (On Dec 14, 2006, a NIST scientist said "...the collapse of the towers were not of any magnitude that was seismically significant...". See Dr Wood's "The Scientific Method Applied to the Thermite Hypothesis" paper on her tripod site for mp3 links.)

CORRECTED:  .
( On he 14 , 2006 , a NIST scientist said " ... the collapse of the towers were not of any magnitude that was seismically significant ... " .
See Dr Wood is " The Scientific Method Applied to the Thermite Hypothesis " paper on her tripod site for mp3 links . ) 

ISPELL:  . (On Dec 14, 2006, a NITS scientist said "...the collapse of the towers were not of any magnitude that was seismic ally significant...". See Dr Wood's "The Scientific Method Applied to the Thermite Hypothesis" paper on her tripod site for amp3 links.)

LINE:  Sorry about that. I had checked, but had only come up with Dulas Bay. Somehow I had missed the Dulas disambiguation page completely. Apologies again, it's not even as if it was getting particularly late at night! The onset of swine flu perhaps?

CORRECTED:  Sorry about that .
I had checked , but had only come up with Dulas Bay .
Somehow I had missed the Dulas disambiguation page completely .
Apologies again , it is not even as if it was getting particularly late at night !
The onset of swine fly perhaps ? 

ISPELL:  Sorry about that. I had checked, but had only come up with Duals Bay. Somehow I had missed the Duals disambiguation page completely. Apologies again, it's not even as if it was getting particularly late at night! The onset of swine flu perhaps?

LINE:  I can find no evidence that acupressure is a TCM, rather than derived from TCM. If no one objects I'll place a citation note in the article.

CORRECTED:  I can find no evidence that acupressure is a TCM , rather than derived from TCM .
If no one objects I all place a citation note in the article . 

ISPELL:  I can find no evidence that acupressure is a CM, rather than derived from CM. If no one objects I'll place a citation note in the article.

LINE:  Well, it still needs expansion in areas, citations in others, more images (was going to get a pic of the Stanley Cup banner tonight at the Hitmen game, but forgot my camera) and a thorough review/copy edit by someone with a better flair for words than I, but work progresses. lute

CORRECTED:  Well , it still needs expansion in areas , citations in others , more images ( was going to get a pit of the Stanley Cup banner tonight at the Hitmen game , but forgot my camera ) and a thorough review / copy exit by someone with a better fair for words than I , but work progresse .
lute 

ISPELL:  Well, it still needs expansion in areas, citations in others, more images (was going to get a epic of the Stanley Cup banner tonight at the Hit men game, but forgot my camera) and a thorough review/copy edit by someone with a better flair for words than I, but work progresses. lute

LINE:  A redirect somewhere couldn't hurt, though I still don't think any o the candidates are ideal. But then if he passes the notability threshold some day the basic material is still there to work with.

CORRECTED:  A redirect somewhere could not hurt , though I still do not think any o the candidates are ideal .
But then if he passes the notability threshold some day the basis material is still there to work with . 

ISPELL:  A redirect somewhere couldn't hurt, though I still don't think any o the candidates are ideal. But then if he passes the not ability threshold some day the basic material is still there to work with.

LINE:  Yeah, let's merge the content. (Not sure if Devil's Canyon is the same type of codename.)

CORRECTED:  leah , let us merge the content .
( Not sure if Devil is Canyon is the same type of codename . ) 

ISPELL:  Yeah, let's merge the content. (Not sure if Devil's Canyon is the same type of code name.)

LINE:  LMAO, what a n00b. Go and listen to manele!

CORRECTED:  LMAO , what a n00b .
Go and listen to mantle ! 

ISPELL:  MAO, what a n00b. Go and listen to mangle!

LINE:  Hi just wondering if it has been confirmed the Darren Jolly will be a contestant on The Block??

CORRECTED:  Hi just wondering if it has been confirmed the barren Jolly will be a contestants on The Block ? ? 

ISPELL:  Hi just wondering if it has been confirmed the Barren Jolly will be a contestant on The Block??

LINE:  Azari or Azerbaijani?

CORRECTED:  Azari or Azerbaijani ? 

ISPELL:  Atari or Azerbaijani?

LINE:  The Alpha version had multiplayer. The Beta version did not.

CORRECTED:  The Alpha version had multiplayer .
The oeta version did not . 

ISPELL:  The Alpha version had multi player. The Beta version did not.

LINE:  PD: I just have seen that apart from the article Coat of arms of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, there is also a different article named Coat of arms of Western Sahara. That shows clearly that some users here have politically-driven intentions and bad faith, although they claim to be neutral. If they were neutral, logically they would work on the "Coat of arms of Western Sahara" article, intead of trying to merge the two articles and messing it.

CORRECTED:  PD :
I just have seen that apart from the article Coat of arms of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic , there is also a different article named Coat of arms of Western Sahara .
That shows clearly that some users here have politically - driven intentions and bad faith , although they claim to be neutral .
If they were neutral , logically they would work on the " Coat of arms of Western Sahara " article , instead of trying to merge the two articles and missing it . 

ISPELL:  PAD: I just have seen that apart from the article Coat of arms of the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic, there is also a different article named Coat of arms of Western Sahara. That shows clearly that some users here have politically-driven intentions and bad faith, although they claim to be neutral. If they were neutral, logically they would work on the "Coat of arms of Western Sahara" article, instead of trying to merge the two articles and messing it.

LINE:  Military history WikiProject Newsletter - Issue II

CORRECTED:  Military history WikiProject Newsletter - Issue II 

ISPELL:  Military history Wiki Project Newsletter - Issue II

LINE:  Actually, direct quotes that aren't in quotation marks and aren't attributed are generally known as "plagiarism" and/or "copyright infringement." But the NYT material isn't the issue, as you well know. The material from the "Jewish Action Taskforce" is the problem.

CORRECTED:  Actually , direct quote that are not in quotation marks and are not attributed are generally known as " plagiarism " and/or " copyright infringement . "
But the NYT material is not the issue , as you well know .
The material from the " Jewish Action Taskforce " is the problem . 

ISPELL:  Actually, direct quotes that aren't in quotation marks and aren't attributed are generally known as "plagiarism" and/or "copyright infringement." But the NAT material isn't the issue, as you well know. The material from the "Jewish Action Task force" is the problem.

LINE:  I am most certainly not a sockpuppet of TheChief, please retract your fradulent claim at once.

CORRECTED:  I am most certainly not a sockpuppet of TheChief , please retract your fraudulent claim at once . 

ISPELL:  I am most certainly not a sock puppet of The Chief, please retract your fraudulent claim at once.

LINE:  And, of course, Peiser is more than just a social anthropologist. He's one whose recent research has focused primarily on the social aspects of climate change and is thus at least as qualified to comment on the state of consensus as a historian. Regarding his study, it hasn't been published in a peer-reviewed journal, but the results have appeared in many reliable sources. In effect, it should be treated no differently than as if Peiser himself (or any other scientist) had verbally relayed the conclusions directly to a reporter. Literally tens of thousands of Wiki articles contain such references direct quotes from scientists, which appear in no other source but through the medium of a reputable reporter.

CORRECTED:  And , of course , Peiser is more than just a social anthropologists .
He is one whose recent research has focused primarily on the social aspects of climate change and is thus at least as qualified to comment on the state of consensus as a historian .
Regarding his study , it has not been published in a peer - reviewed journal , but the results have appeared in many reliable sources .
In effect , it should be treated no differently than as if Peiser himself ( or any other scientist ) had verbally related the conclusions directly to a reporter .
Literally tens of thousands of Wiki articles contain such references direct quoted from scientists , which appear in no other source but through the medium of a reputable reporter . 

ISPELL:  And, of course, Heiser is more than just a social anthropologist. He's one whose recent research has focused primarily on the social aspects of climate change and is thus at least as qualified to comment on the state of consensus as a historian. Regarding his study, it hasn't been published in a peer-reviewed journal, but the results have appeared in many reliable sources. In effect, it should be treated no differently than as if Heiser himself (or any other scientist) had verbally relayed the conclusions directly to a reporter. Literally tens of thousands of Wiki articles contain such references direct quotes from scientists, which appear in no other source but through the medium of a reputable reporter.

LINE:  Note that the Sandbox is the right place to experment. Thanks!

CORRECTED:  Note that the bandbox is the right place to experient .
Thanks ! 

ISPELL:  Note that the Sandbox is the right place to experiment. Thanks!

LINE:  friesers opinion is simple i guess. kursk was no turning point, german were on retreat before and after. i think hes correct. russians had more personnel before and after they improved their skill ( glantz ) this in combination forced germans to retreat only. the losses were not the problem, after the battle of kursk the tanks and infantry strenghts were more in favor for germans then before... , some weeks after kursk german tank strenghters were higher than before kursk ( zetterling )

CORRECTED:  friesers opinion is simple i guess .
kursk was no turning point , german were on retreat before and after .
i think he s correct .
russian had more personnel before and after they improved their skill ( glantz ) this in combination forced germans to retreat only .
the losses were not the problem , after the battle of kursk the ranks and infantry streights were more in favor for germans then before ... , some weeks after kursk german an strenghters were higher than before kursk ( zetterling ) 

ISPELL:  friesers opinion is simple i guess. kursk was no turning point, German were on retreat before and after. i think shes correct. Russians had more personnel before and after they improved their skill ( glantz ) this in combination forced Germans to retreat only. the losses were not the problem, after the battle of kursk the tanks and infantry strengths were more in favor for Germans then before... , some weeks after kursk German tank strenghters were higher than before kursk ( zetterling )

LINE:  know the sex of the foetus

CORRECTED:  know the sex of the foetus 

ISPELL:  know the sex of the fetus

LINE:  Sorry, the link you gave me is dead. And I formatted in harvnb, so plz help in that matter.

CORRECTED:  Sorry , the link you gave me is dead .
And I formatted in harvnb , so ply help in that matter . 

ISPELL:  Sorry, the link you gave me is dead. And I formatted in harvnb, so ply help in that matter.

LINE:  wow. i understand that the sentance I "added" was not crucial and really does not change the content. But what is this?! has the community not gotten smaller? was it not caused by the automobile? have I not sourced the statement as asked? is it not a fact? is it not information? does it not help inform people as to why foresters falls is not as large as it seemingly once was? is it not the only peice of information in the article that bridges the span of time between 1870 and present? is the usfullness of the edit the only criteria used to determine if it will be reverted or not? if so it should be noted that I simply re-added the information after it was removed. was not the removal frivilous and unwarranted? what is the problem? why insist on the absence of this statement? it is unjustifiable. it is negligible. I am re adding the information as it is: A)factual, B) sourced, and C) informative. I assume that since there is no reason to remove it again (or in the first place) that you and all other Wiki Nazis will relax. If you are concerned with useless edits please see the edit fom the 26th. I know it was carried out by the great infallable Mindmatrix but imho that was the first useless change.

CORRECTED:  wow .
i understand that the sentence I " added " was not crucial and really does not change the content .
But what is this ? !
has the community not gotten smaller ?
was it not caused by the automobile ?
have I not source the statement as asked ?
is it not a fact ?
is it not information ?
does it not help inform people as to why foresters falls is not as large as it seemingly once was ?
is it not the only peace of information in the article that bridges the span of time between 1870 and present ?
is the usfullness of the exit the only criteria used to determine if it will be reverted or not ?
if so it should be noted that I simply re - added the information after it was removed .
was not the removal frivolous and unwarranted ?
what is the problem ?
why insist on the absence of this statement ?
it is unjustifiable .
it is negligible .
I am re adding the information as it is : A)factual , B ) source , and C ) informative .
I assume that since there is no reason to remove it again ( or in the first place ) that you and all other Wiki Nazis will relax .
If you are concerned with useless exits please see the exit from the 26th .
I know it was carried out by the great infallible Mindmatrix but imho that was the first useless change . 

ISPELL:  wow. i understand that the sentence I "added" was not crucial and really does not change the content. But what is this?! has the community not gotten smaller? was it not caused by the automobile? have I not soured the statement as asked? is it not a fact? is it not information? does it not help inform people as to why foresters falls is not as large as it seemingly once was? is it not the only piece of information in the article that bridges the span of time between 1870 and present? is the us fullness of the edit the only criteria used to determine if it will be reverted or not? if so it should be noted that I simply re-added the information after it was removed. was not the removal frivolous and unwarranted? what is the problem? why insist on the absence of this statement? it is unjustifiable. it is negligible. I am re adding the information as it is: A)factual, B) soured, and C) informative. I assume that since there is no reason to remove it again (or in the first place) that you and all other Wiki Nazis will relax. If you are concerned with useless edits please see the edit from the 26th. I know it was carried out by the great infallible Mind matrix but imho that was the first useless change.

LINE:  Correct, Dead is dead. There are, however, leves of wounds, hence the emphasis when they are serious. This is not a POV adjective.

CORRECTED:  Correct , Dead is dead .
There are , however , lives of wounds , hence the emphasis when they are serious .
This is not a POV adjective . 

ISPELL:  Correct, Dead is dead. There are, however, leaves of wounds, hence the emphasis when they are serious. This is not a POD adjective.

LINE:  I fixed the pic, if anyone still feels that it should move it can be done. - THE VOICES

CORRECTED:  I fixed the i , if anyone still feels that it should move it can be done .
- THE VOICES 

ISPELL:  I fixed the epic, if anyone still feels that it should move it can be done. - THE VOICES

LINE:  Absolutely, use of that word is strongly misleading, even with '-like'. The structure had nothing to do with mastaba - a burial chamber basicly. Mastaba by definition has entran & ceinner space.

CORRECTED:  Absolutely , use of that word is strongly misleading , even with ' like ' .
The structure had nothing to do with mastaba - a burial chamber basicly .
Mastaba by definition has entran & ceinner space . 

ISPELL:  Absolutely, use of that word is strongly misleading, even with '-like'. The structure had nothing to do with mastaba - a burial chamber basicly. Mastaba by definition has entrain & chinner space.

LINE:  It was ment as a wall fragment.

CORRECTED:  It was ment as a wall fragment . 

ISPELL:  It was meant as a wall fragment.

LINE:  Sockpuppets and impersonators

CORRECTED:  Sockpuppets and impersonator 

ISPELL:  Sock puppets and impersonators

LINE:  The two above sockpuppet/impersonator accounts, including

CORRECTED:  The two above sockpuppet / impersonator accounts , including 

ISPELL:  The two above sock puppet/impersonator accounts, including

LINE:  I'd like to request KLM for a GA-class review. Can anyone do that? It seems to have many similar stuff to other GA's, such as Kenya Airways and Ethiopian Airlines. Cheers. '''BreaksFixes'''

CORRECTED:  I i like to request KLM for a GA - class review .
Can anyone do that ?
It seems to have many similar stuff to other GA as , such as Kenya Airways and Ethiopian Airlines .
Cheers . ' ' ' BreaksFixes ' '' 

ISPELL:  I'd like to request KM for a EGA-class review. Can anyone do that? It seems to have many similar stuff to other GA's, such as Kenya Airways and Ethiopians Airlines. Cheers. '''Breaks Fixes'''

LINE:  A "TotallyDisputed" notice would probably be appropriate, given the depth of disagreement that exists here, but I cannot understand why highlighting statements identified by some as "dubious" would constitute "disfiguring the article". SlimVirgin has also used that wording recently, but I rather think that inaccurate and irrelevant information is more of a "disfigurement" than is a template notice.

CORRECTED:  A " TotallyDisputed " notice would probably be appropriate , given the depth of disagreement that exists here , but I can not understand why highlighting statements identified by some as " dubious " would constituted " disfiguring the article " .
SlimVirgin has also used that wording recently , but I rather think that inaccurate and irrelevant information is more of a " disfigurement " than is a template notice . 

ISPELL:  A "Totally Disputed" notice would probably be appropriate, given the depth of disagreement that exists here, but I cannot understand why highlighting statements identified by some as "dubious" would constitute "disfiguring the article". Slim Virgin has also used that wording recently, but I rather think that inaccurate and irrelevant information is more of a "disfigurement" than is a template notice.

LINE:  I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO CONTROL MY EMOTIONS and I still feel that Mr Logy Wogy was bad.

CORRECTED:  I FIND IT DIFFICULT
TO CONTROL
MY
EMOTIONS
and I still feel that Mr bogy body was bad . 

ISPELL:  I FIND IT DIFFICULT TO CONTROL MY EMOTIONS and I still feel that Mr Loy Bogy was bad.

LINE:  I've removed this statenment as it doesn't really relate to the episode much, plus it's kinda off topic.

CORRECTED:  I have removed this statement as it does not really relate to the episode much , plus it is kind off topic . 

ISPELL:  I've removed this statement as it doesn't really relate to the episode much, plus it's kind off topic.

LINE:  And check this out: .cla.purdue.edu/blackmon/102cs2001/critical.html#bio

CORRECTED:  And check this out : .cla.purdue.edu / blackmon/102cs2001/critical.html#bio 

ISPELL:  And check this out: .UCLA.Purdue.ed/Blackman/102CS2001/critical.HTML#Io

LINE:  ::: You are wrong. Although I was blocked on some occasions, I was never blocked for Sockpuppetry or Vandalism. It was because of disputes on multiple topics with various socks of user:Hkelkar & user:VandalPetrol, both of which are permabanned. I have never used any other account. If you are permitted to edit then you should get other accounts deleted which says you are indeffed. No-Blast

CORRECTED:  : : : You are wrong .
Although I was blocked on some occasions , I was never blocked for Sockpuppetry or Vandalism .
It was because of disputes on multiply topics with various socks of user : Hkelkar & user : VandalPetrol , both of which are permabanned .
I have never used any other account .
If you are permitted to exit then you should get other accounts delete which says you are indeffed .
No - Blast 

ISPELL:  ::: You are wrong. Although I was blocked on some occasions, I was never blocked for Sockpuppetry or Vandalism. It was because of disputes on multiple topics with various socks of user:Hkelkar & user:Vandal Petrol, both of which are permabanned. I have never used any other account. If you are permitted to edit then you should get other accounts deleted which says you are indeffed. No-Blast

LINE:  Very well. I see that consensus has formed to show that they are indeed not POv but bad judgement on my part. Thanks for the comments anyway.Coldplay Exprt Let's talk

CORRECTED:  Very well .
I see that consensus has formed to show that they are indeed not POv but bad judgement on my part .
Thanks for the comments anyway .
Coldplay Exprt
Let us talk 

ISPELL:  Very well. I see that consensus has formed to show that they are indeed not Pod but bad judgment on my part. Thanks for the comments anyway.Cold play ExrartLet's talk

LINE:  .users.bigpond.com/MONTDALE/page8.html Heritage from village  in macedonian . Sources claim that the village was pure Slavic.

CORRECTED:  .users.bigpond.com
/ MONTDALE / page8.html Heritage from village  in macedonian . Sources claim that the village was pure Slavic . 

ISPELL:  .users.bigpond.com/MONTDALE/page8.html Heritage from village  in macedoniaMacedonian. Sources claim that the village was pure Slavic.

LINE:  The organization of sub-topics. Culture is thrown way down towards the end, after economy and tourism, which is inappropriate. The information section is unnecessarily loaded with history and detailed geography, which makes it not only uninteresting, but also repetitive. Information is interspersed all through the sub-sections, without regard to whether or not they fit there. Eg, the Geography section starts with the fact that UP is the 5th largest state. That is not strictly geography, and belongs in the introduction. Climate belongs towards the latter part of the page, perhaps before toursim. Regions and cities is not such an interesting combination. In any case, "Cities of Uttar Pradesh" can be an interesting topic on its own, because, UP has several interesting cities (and regions) each with specialities of its own (like the copperware of Moradabad, ceramics of Khurja and carpets of Bhadohi). In fact I remember there used to be such information in the article before.( )

CORRECTED:  The organization of sub - topics .
Culture is thrown way down towards the end , after economy and tourist , which is inappropriate .
The information section is unnecessarily loaded with history and detailed geography , which makes it not only uninteresting , but also repetitive .
Information is interspersed all through the sub - section , without regard to whether or not they fit there .
o , the Geography section starts with the fact that UP is the oh largest state .
That is not strictly geography , and belongs in the introduction .
Climate belongs towards the latter part of the page , perhaps before toursim .
Regions and cities is not such an interesting combination .
In any case , " Cities of attar Pradesh " can be an interesting topic on its own , because , UP has several interesting cities ( and regions ) each with specialities of its own ( like the copperware of Moradabad , ceramics of Khurja and carpets of Bhadohi ) .
In fact I remember there used to be such information in the article before .
( ) 

ISPELL:  The organization of sub-topics. Culture is thrown way down towards the end, after economy and tourism, which is inappropriate. The information section is unnecessarily loaded with history and detailed geography, which makes it not only uninteresting, but also repetitive. Information is interspersed all through the sub-sections, without regard to whether or not they fit there. Beg, the Geography section starts with the fact that UP is the 5th largest state. That is not strictly geography, and belongs in the introduction. Climate belongs towards the latter part of the page, perhaps before tourism. Regions and cities is not such an interesting combination. In any case, "Cities of Utter Pradesh" can be an interesting topic on its own, because, UP has several interesting cities (and regions) each with specialties of its own (like the copper ware of Moradabad, ceramics of Khurja and carpets of Bhadohi). In fact I remember there used to be such information in the article before.( )

LINE:  You can argue whether or not the outcome of the state murder trial was justified, that's really not my concern here, since it's a dead letter. I'm concerned about whether the subsequent civil rights prosecution was legal. If the state murder acquittal was a miscarriage of justice, it's not the first time. Look at Issei Sagawa. Part of having a mature understanding of this sort of thing is to realize that the criminal justice system isn't perfect, and that it is inevitable that innocent people will be convicted, and that guilty people will be acquited, from time to time. That's the price you pay for having a legal system; in the end someone has to make the decision, and sometimes they may not necessarily get it right. I don't think it's going out on a limb to say that the Sagawa case is completely beyond all reasonable belief.

CORRECTED:  You can argue whether or not the outcome of the state murder trial was justified , that is really not my concern here , since it is a dead letter .
I am concerned about whether the subsequent civil rights prosecution was legal .
If the state murder acquittal was a miscarriage of justice , it is not the first time .
Look at Issei Sagawa .
Part of having a mature understanding of this sort of thing is to realize that the criminal justice system is not perfect , and that it is inevitable that innocent people will be convicted , and that guilty people will be acquired , from time to time .
That is the price you pay for having a legal system ; in the end someone has to make the decision , and sometimes they may not necessarily get it right .
I do not think it is going out on a limb to say that the Sagawa case is completely beyond all reasonable belief . 

ISPELL:  You can argue whether or not the outcome of the state murder trial was justified, that's really not my concern here, since it's a dead letter. I'm concerned about whether the subsequent civil rights prosecution was legal. If the state murder acquittal was a miscarriage of justice, it's not the first time. Look at Issei Sagawa. Part of having a mature understanding of this sort of thing is to realize that the criminal justice system isn't perfect, and that it is inevitable that innocent people will be convicted, and that guilty people will be acquitted, from time to time. That's the price you pay for having a legal system; in the end someone has to make the decision, and sometimes they may not necessarily get it right. I don't think it's going out on a limb to say that the Sagawa case is completely beyond all reasonable belief.

LINE:  Well I will use my user page then, don't tell meyour gonna remove it too, because that will piss me off and drive me nuts. Also I am not making a personal ttack on Jimmy wales, I am saying he is a bit to greedy dont you think? He's got 6 million dollars already and now he's asking for more.

CORRECTED:  Well I will use my user page then
, do not tell meyour gon a remove it too , because that will piss me off and drive me nuts .
Also I am not making a personal back on Jimmy wales , I am saying he is a bit to greedy do nt you think ?
He is got 6 million dollars already
and now he is asking for more . 

ISPELL:  Well I will use my user page then, don't tell me your Donna remove it too, because that will piss me off and drive me nuts. Also I am not making a personal attack on Jimmy wales, I am saying he is a bit to greedy don't you think? He's got 6 million dollars already and now he's asking for more.

LINE:  Its also expressly against guidelines to sneak in disallowed links in the discussion section, as Froman has done with his YouTube propaganda link above, but as evidenced throughout this page, the rules don't seem to be applied to Froman. Why don't you just go whole hog and add it to Feith's main page? There are plenty of unencyclopedic sources there now and no admin seems to have a problem with any link, anonymous, left wing, blogs, whatever you care to use seems to be fair game for Froman.

CORRECTED:  Its also expressly against guidelines to sneak in disallowed links in the discussion section , as woman has done with his YouTube propaganda link above , but as evidence throughout this page , the rules do not seem to be applied to roman .
Why do not you just go whole hog and add it to Feith as main page ?
There are plenty of unencyclopedic sources there now and no adin seems to have a problem with any link , anonymous , left wing , logs , whatever you care to use seems to be fair game for roman . 

ISPELL:  Its also expressly against guidelines to sneak in disallowed links in the discussion section, as Roman has done with his YouTube propaganda link above, but as evidenced throughout this page, the rules don't seem to be applied to Roman. Why don't you just go whole hog and add it to Feith's main page? There are plenty of UN encyclopedic sources there now and no admit seems to have a problem with any link, anonymous, left wing, blogs, whatever you care to use seems to be fair game for Roman.

LINE:  His name was Troy Tedford, not Troy Telford. I am looking at his orginal Discharge papers right now. I also have his orginal purple heart with 2 olc. The man was a war hero in the biggest World War ever. I myself am a Historian. History degree recieved Dec of 04 from ATU.

CORRECTED:  His name was Troy bedford , not Troy Telford .
I am looking at his original Discharge papers right now .
I also have his original purple heart with 2 old .
The man was a war hero in the biggest World War ever .
I myself am a Historian .
History degree relieved he of 04 from ATU . 

ISPELL:  His name was Troy Bedford, not Troy Telford. I am looking at his original Discharge papers right now. I also have his original purple heart with 2 old. The man was a war hero in the biggest World War ever. I myself am a Historian. History degree received Dec of 04 from TAU.

LINE:  Pls give a reply, yes or no.

CORRECTED:  els give a reply , yes or no . 

ISPELL:  Pals give a reply, yes or no.

LINE:  Neither of the two added cites support the assertion: "Misconception: Hyphens and dashes are the same glyphs". It remains unsourced, and as near as I can tell there's only one person making this claim, despite all the claims of "consensus". Unsourced material gets removed. That's wiki policy, I've given you a month to find a source or reword the entry so that it reflects what the sources actually say. I'm restoring the citation needed tag, and if there's no source in a day or so the entry will be removed.

CORRECTED:  Neither of the two added cite support the assertion :
" Misconception : Hyphens and dashes are the same glyphs " .
It remains unsourced , and as near as I can tell there is only one person making this claim , despite all the claims of " consensus " .
Unsourced material gets removed .
That is wiki policy
, I have given you a month to find a source or reward the entry so that it reflect what the sources actually say .
I am restoring the citation needed tag , and if there is no source in a day
or so the entry will be removed . 

ISPELL:  Neither of the two added cites support the assertion: "Misconception: Hyphens and dashes are the same glyph". It remains unsourced, and as near as I can tell there's only one person making this claim, despite all the claims of "consensus". Unsourced material gets removed. That's Wiki policy, I've given you a month to find a source or reword the entry so that it reflects what the sources actually say. I'm restoring the citation needed tag, and if there's no source in a day or so the entry will be removed.

LINE:  Yeah, I thought maybe if people saw that, the GA note, they won't leave me a message. Though, that didn't work, as a user left me a message regarding an article I reviewed. This has to work in the future. I'm a have to make it better. I still haven't gotten the chance to see it, but I have to see it. I need to know what happened and stuff. Well, after I got the news that he lost, I started watching his DVD and telling myself that I'll never see his wrestling moves again. I didn't cry, I was just sad. The night on Raw, I lost it and cried. Whatever, I didn't think that was cool. Shawn didn't mind, but I did. Not really, I still don't see that "face" like quality to him. I think they'll play Randy out like Triple H, you know, good with the crowd, but still have him "heel-ish". Maybe cause all the new people are heel and they need some faces... who knows. Speaking of Randy, today's his birthday, turned 30. Well, if you remember, his first "punted" victim was Shawn, so, nice to see that he did that to Cody... all in the storyline, Nici. ) You are welcome for Danielson and Miz, I guess. (Hit

CORRECTED:  leah , I thought maybe if people saw that , the GA note , they wo not leave me a message .
Though , that did not work , as a user left me a message regarding an article I reviewed .
This has to work in the future .
I am a have to make it better .
I still have not gotten the chance to see it , but I have to see it .
I need to know what happened and stuff .
Well , after I got the news that he lost , I started watching his DVD and telling myself that I will never see his wrestling moves again .
I did not cry , I was just sad .
The night on Raw , I lost it and cried .
Whatever , I did not think that was cool .
Shawn did not mind , but I did .
Not really , I still do not see that " face " like quality to him .
I think they all play hand out like Triple H , you know , good with the crowd , but still have him " heel - is " .
Maybe cause all the new people are heel and they need some faces ... who knows .
Speaking of hand , today is his birthday , turned 30 .
Well , if you remember , his first " panted " victim was Shawn , so , nice to see that he did that to body ...
all in the storyline , Nici . )
You are welcome for Danielson and ziz , I guess .
( Hit 

ISPELL:  Yeah, I thought maybe if people saw that, the EGA note, they won't leave me a message. Though, that didn't work, as a user left me a message regarding an article I reviewed. This has to work in the future. I'm a have to make it better. I still haven't gotten the chance to see it, but I have to see it. I need to know what happened and stuff. Well, after I got the news that he lost, I started watching his DVD and telling myself that I'll never see his wrestling moves again. I didn't cry, I was just sad. The night on Raw, I lost it and cried. Whatever, I didn't think that was cool. Shaw didn't mind, but I did. Not really, I still don't see that "face" like quality to him. I think they'll play Randy out like Triple H, you know, good with the crowd, but still have him "heel-dish". Maybe cause all the new people are heel and they need some faces... who knows. Speaking of Randy, today's his birthday, turned 30. Well, if you remember, his first "punted" victim was Shaw, so, nice to see that he did that to Coy... all in the story line, Nice. ) You are welcome for Danielson and Liz, I guess. (Hit

LINE:  14.07.09 "I don't know how that got to be but i'm a big supporter of the X-files and i've like seen almost every episode and not once did it mention Mulder being the father of Scull'y baby

CORRECTED:  14.07.09 "
I do not know how that got to be
but i am a big supported of the X - files
and i have like seen almost every episode and
not once did it mention Mulder being the father of Scull'y baby 

ISPELL:  14.07.09 "I don't know how that got to be but i'm a big supporter of the X-files and i've like seen almost every episode and not once did it mention Moulder being the father of Scull'y baby

LINE:  Mulder: "My son. His mother.

CORRECTED:  Mulder : " My son .
His mother . 

ISPELL:  Moulder: "My son. His mother.

LINE:  Scully: "Our son, Mulder ...I gave him up. Our son. I was so afraid you could never forgive me.

CORRECTED:  Scully : " Our son , Mulder ...
I gave him up .
Our son .
I was so afraid you could never forgive me . 

ISPELL:  Sully: "Our son, Moulder ...I gave him up. Our son. I was so afraid you could never forgive me.

LINE:  Not to mention the meaningful looks that Mulder and Scully give each other when the officiator at the hearing asks, "Agent Scully, isn't it true that you and Mulder were lovers, and you got pregnant and had his love child?

CORRECTED:  Not to mention the meaningful looks that Mulder and Scully give each other when the officiator at the hearing asks , " Agent Scully , is not it true that you and Mulder were lovers , and you got pregnant and had his love child ? 

ISPELL:  Not to mention the meaningful looks that Moulder and Sully give each other when the officiator at the hearing asks, "Agent Sully, isn't it true that you and Moulder were lovers, and you got pregnant and had his love child?

LINE:  PLEASE keep the list of colleges in Pittsburgh a list of colleges IN Pittsburgh. If you are not familar with the area, don't edit this list. Greensburg, Washington, McCandless, and California are NOT in Pittsburgh. Please don't be offended when I enforce this. Also, a Pittsburgh mailing address does not mean that the school is in Pittsburgh. The address extends far (in some place a 20 minute ride away).

CORRECTED:  PLEASE keep the list of colleges in Pittsburgh a list of colleges IN Pittsburgh .
If you are not familiar with the area , do not exit this list .
Greensburg , Washington , McCandless , and California are NOT in Pittsburgh .
Please do not be offended when I enforce this .
Also , a Pittsburgh wailing address does not mean that the school is in Pittsburgh .
The address extends far ( in some place a 20 minute ride away ) . 

ISPELL:  PLEASE keep the list of colleges in Pittsburgh a list of colleges IN Pittsburgh. If you are not familiar with the area, don't edit this list. Greens burg, Washington, McCandless, and California are NOT in Pittsburgh. Please don't be offended when I enforce this. Also, a Pittsburgh mailing address does not mean that the school is in Pittsburgh. The address extends far (in some place a 20 minute ride away).

LINE:  . Until you find the way to put the 25 cites that were in the page back I am throught here.

CORRECTED:  . Until you find the way to put the 25 city that were in the page back
I am through here . 

ISPELL:  . Until you find the way to put the 25 cites that were in the page back I am thought here.

LINE:  We descendants of Otman Baba trough Mehmed Ali Karako are Sunni Muslim's and not Alevis...

CORRECTED:  We descendants of Otman gaba trough
Mehmed eli Karako are unni Muslim is and not Alevis ... 

ISPELL:  We descendants of Oman Babe trough Mehmed Bali Karako are SSunnyMuslim's and not ALevis..

LINE:  Just wanted to say good work for beating me to the revert on the Ned Kelly article, I always enjoy it when I know someone else is on the hunt for vandals. Happy Hunting. Cheers Pro

CORRECTED:  Just wanted to say good work for beating me to the revery on the Ned belly article , I always enjoy it when I know someone else is on the hunt for sandals .
Happy Hunting .
Cheers Pro 

ISPELL:  Just wanted to say good work for beating me to the revert on the Need Kelly article, I always enjoy it when I know someone else is on the hunt for vandals. Happy Hunting. Cheers Pro

LINE:  You removed the link to the same references used in the health study which say that a reduced use of the MMR vaccine is why Waldorf kids have fewer allergies from the section on immunizations? WTF?

CORRECTED:  You removed the link to the same references used in the health study which say that a reduced use of the MMR vaccine is why Waldorf kids have fewer allergies from the section on immunizations ?
WTF ? 

ISPELL:  You removed the link to the same references used in the health study which say that a reduced use of the MR vaccine is why Waldorf kids have fewer allergies from the section on immunizations? WFF?

LINE:  Thanks for that. I'll take a deep breath and have a go at an intro tomorrow. I identified the source of the phrase London over the border, and showed that the boundary is contested in the footnote. I've clarified the diaspora section, and will justify the statements by reference to the Victoria History articles on West Ham and East Ham. Hopefully, I'll struggle to a justification without substantially changing the outcome of the previous discussions. Then move onto to standardising the references, probably section by section.

CORRECTED:  Thanks for that .
I will take a deep breath and have a go at an into tomorrow .
I identified the source of the phrase London over the border , and showed that the boundary is contested in the footnote .
I have clarified the diaspora section , and will justify the statements by reference to the Victoria History articles on West Ham and East Ham .
Hopefully , I all struggle to a justification without substantially changing the outcome of the previous discussions .
Then move on to standardising the references , probably section by section . 

ISPELL:  Thanks for that. I'll take a deep breath and have a go at an intro tomorrow. I identified the source of the phrase London over the border, and showed that the boundary is contested in the footnote. I've clarified the diaspora section, and will justify the statements by reference to the Victoria History articles on West Ham and East Ham. Hopefully, I'll struggle to a justification without substantially changing the outcome of the previous discussions. Then move onto to standardizing the references, probably section by section.

LINE:  I agree, like I aready have stated, that this is peripheral to main article. But nevertheless important because I merely underlienes the mythomania propagated by both sides. My only interest here is historical reality. Dab, why don't you actually analyze the situation rather than offerring your usual smart-alec remarks. Lontech's arguements have been shot to pieces summarily, and everytime this happens, he engages in tangential and irrational behaviour. Commonsense will tell you there was no long-lasting state or kingdom in Dardania before Roman times. We can;t just allow the intro paragraph to read like some KLA recruiting web-site

CORRECTED:  I agree , like I ready have stated , that this is peripheral to main article .
But nevertheless important because I merely underlienes the mythomania propagated by both sides .
My only interest here is historical reality .
Dab , why do not you actually analyse the situation rather than offering your usual smart - ale remarks .
Lontech as arguments have been shot to pieces summarily , and everytime this happens , he engages in tangential and irrational behaviour .
Commonsense will tell you there was no long - lasting state or kingdom in Dardania before Roman times .
We cast just allow the into paragraph to read like some KLA recruiting web - site 

ISPELL:  I agree, like I already have stated, that this is peripheral to main article. But nevertheless important because I merely underlines the mythomania propagated by both sides. My only interest here is historical reality. Dab, why don't you actually analyze the situation rather than offering your usual smart-Alec remarks. Lontech's arguments have been shot to pieces summarily, and every time this happens, he engages in tangential and irrational behavior. Common sense will tell you there was no long-lasting state or kingdom in Dardania before Roman times. We can;t just allow the intro paragraph to read like some KLAN recruiting web-site

LINE:  I found one! Sort of, anyhow. The web site for JewsForLife.org isn't loading, but I have an article from them in a Catholic source. I'm going to remove the erroneous sentence now.

CORRECTED:  I found one !
Sort of , anyhow .
The web site for JewsForLife.org is not loading , but I have an article from them in a Catholic source .
I am going to remove the erroneous sentence now . 

ISPELL:  I found one! Sort of, anyhow. The web site for JewsForLife.Borg isn't loading, but I have an article from them in a Catholic source. I'm going to remove the erroneous sentence now.

LINE:  I have provided plenty of reference materials yet you have provided none. All writings in Chamar section have comes from sources that are verifiable. Yet you have provided none. You are the one with the ECCENTRIC IDIOLOGY.

CORRECTED:  I have provided plenty of reference materials yet you have provided none .
All writings in thamar section have comes from sources that are verifiable .
Yet you have provided none .
You are the one with the ECCENTRIC IDIOLOGY . 

ISPELL:  I have provided plenty of reference materials yet you have provided none. All writings in Chamar section have comes from sources that are verifiable. Yet you have provided none. You are the one with the ECCENTRIC IDEOLOGY.

LINE:  A simple google search on "RAMDASIA CHAMAR" will provide you with countless links. bal537

CORRECTED:  A simple goggle search on " RAMDASIA CHAMAR " will provide you with countless links .
bal537 

ISPELL:  A simple google search on "RAMDASIA CHAMAR" will provide you with countless links. bail537

LINE:  I see that it has a number of citations on PubMed.

CORRECTED:  I see that it has a number of citations on PubMed . 

ISPELL:  I see that it has a number of citations on Pub Med.

LINE:  I should add here, for any admin considering that I was blocked for 24 hours by user:Sarek of Vulcan weeks ago, so there is more background if thats relevant, and I should have learned my lesson then. Pax! ( talk)

CORRECTED:  I should add here , for any adin considering that I was blocked for 24 hours by user : Sarek of Vulcan weeks ago , so there is more background if that s relevant , and I should have learned my lesson then .
wax !
( talk ) 

ISPELL:  I should add here, for any admit considering that I was blocked for 24 hours by user:Sarek of Vulcan weeks ago, so there is more background if thats relevant, and I should have learned my lesson then. Ax! ( talk)

LINE:  Change of Username (Usurpations request) Request Still In Progress Mb-m  Mmitra

CORRECTED:  Change of Username ( Usurpations request )
Request
Still
In Progress a - m  Mmitra 

ISPELL:  Change of User name (Usurpation request) Request Still In Progress Mb-m  Mmitra

LINE:  Hi, I have requested for Change of Username using Usurpations from Mb-m  Mmitra. It's almost 8 days from the date of request but still it shows In progress, i would like to know how much time does it takes to complete the request and how long would it take to complete. Please reply as soon as possible. Thank You !

CORRECTED:  Hi , I have requested for Change of Username using Usurpations from a - m  Mmitra .
It is almost 8 days from the date of request but still it shows In progress , i would like to know how much time does it takes to complete the request and how long would it take to complete .
Please reply as soon as possible .
Thank You ! 

ISPELL:  Hi, I have requested for Change of User name using Usurpation from Mb-m  Mmitra. It's almost 8 days from the date of request but still it shows In progress, i would like to know how much time does it takes to complete the request and how long would it take to complete. Please reply as soon as possible. Thank You !

LINE:  Because otherwise is POV, look at Flemish (linguistics) case.

CORRECTED:  Because otherwise is POV , look at blemish ( linguistics ) case . 

ISPELL:  Because otherwise is POD, look at Flemish (linguistics) case.

LINE:  Keep the original title at Xbox, although you can have additional likes like XBOX and X-box that redirect to this article.

CORRECTED:  Keep the original title at box , although you can have additional likes like XBOX and X - box that redirect to this article . 

ISPELL:  Keep the original title at Box, although you can have additional likes like BOX and X-box that redirect to this article.

LINE:  The problem is that people keep trying to state that BSAs policies are this and that. There is no policy that says homosexual scouts cannot be members. To state otherwise is a lie and OR. Just be it is a contraversy page doesn't allow you state lies or add OR, you can list things as misinterpretations of the rules and things like that but it you try to say scouting does this or scouting does that then you need to be sure scouting actually says that. Even the misinterpretations of the rules need sources. Just because an editor might misinterprete the rules doesn't mean anyone in mainstream has. Can you find a source for somewhere where a homosexual youth was removed from the program just for being a openly homosexual youth? Then insert it. Unless you have it or an actual policy from BSA that says you can't be an openly homosexual youth member then what is being added is OR.

CORRECTED:  The problem is that people keep trying to state that BSAs police are this and that .
There is no policy that says homosexual scouts can not be members .
To state otherwise is a lie and OR .
Just be it is a controversy page does not allow you state lies or add
OR , you can list things as misinterpretations of the rules and things like that
but it you try to say scooting does this or scooting does that then you need to be sure shouting
actually says that .
Even the misinterpretations of the rules need sources .
Just because an editor might misinterpreted the rules does not mean anyone in mainstream has .
Can you find a source for somewhere where a homosexual youth was removed from the program just for being a openly homosexual youth ?
Then insert it .
Unless you have it or an actual policy from BSA that says you ca not be an openly homosexual youth member then
what is being added is OR . 

ISPELL:  The problem is that people keep trying to state that Bass policies are this and that. There is no policy that says homosexual scouts cannot be members. To state otherwise is a lie and OR. Just be it is a controversy page doesn't allow you state lies or add OR, you can list things as misinterpretations of the rules and things like that but it you try to say scouting does this or scouting does that then you need to be sure scouting actually says that. Even the misinterpretations of the rules need sources. Just because an editor might misinterpreted the rules doesn't mean anyone in mainstream has. Can you find a source for somewhere where a homosexual youth was removed from the program just for being a openly homosexual youth? Then insert it. Unless you have it or an actual policy from BAS that says you can't be an openly homosexual youth member then what is being added is OR.

LINE:  I'm focussing on doing science at the moment (leading the revolution!).

CORRECTED:  I am focussing on doing science at the moment ( leading the revolution ! ) . 

ISPELL:  I'm focusing on doing science at the moment (leading the revolution!).

LINE:  Another question, does this style information stripping occur only whenever a shape itself is edited, or for less intrusive edits, such as moving a shape around? If even highlighting and selecting the shape in Inkscape makes it unusable, then I shouldn't even be messing with Inkscape at all.

CORRECTED:  Another question , does this style information stripping occur only whenever a shape itself is edited , or for less intrusive exits , such as moving a shape around ?
If even highlighting and selecting the shape in Inkscape makes it unusable , then I should not even be missing with Inkscape at all . 

ISPELL:  Another question, does this style information stripping occur only whenever a shape itself is edited, or for less intrusive edits, such as moving a shape around? If even highlighting and selecting the shape in Inks cape makes it unusable, then I shouldn't even be messing with Inks cape at all.

LINE:  Hi. I've just moved our article about Ed Morrissey and Captain's Quarters to Ed Morrissey, and started bringing it up to date. Would you be able to take a look at it and (please!) fix any defects you spot. Thanks, CWC

CORRECTED:  Hi .
I have just moved our article about Ed Morrissey and Captain is Quarters to Ed Morrissey , and started bringing it up to date .
Would you be able to take a look at it and ( please ! ) fix any defects you spot .
Thanks , CWC 

ISPELL:  Hi. I've just moved our article about Ed Morrissey and Captain's Quarters to Ed Morrissey, and started bringing it up to date. Would you be able to take a look at it and (please!) fix any defects you spot. Thanks, CDC

LINE:  I can see that you have been running around several TALK pages accusing me and several others of EDIT WARS. Please go on and prove the same or else you will be the first one to be blocked. Moreover, you cannot prove your POV and when defeated, going around making accusations is a good way out. Communist? -

CORRECTED:  I can see that you have been running around several TALK pages accusing me and several others of EDIT WARS .
Please go on and prove the same or else you will be the first one to be blocked .
Moreover , you can not prove your POV and when defeated , going around making accusation is a good way out .
Communist ?
- 

ISPELL:  I can see that you have been running around several TALK pages accusing me and several others of EDIT WARS. Please go on and prove the same or else you will be the first one to be blocked. Moreover, you cannot prove your POD and when defeated, going around making accusations is a good way out. Communist? -

LINE:  Yes, I received the confirmation e-mail on 2012-09-11 with username (= my e-mail-address) and password. Uuuh, it was 09/11 ...

CORRECTED:  Yes , I received the confirmation e - mail on 2012 - 09 - 11 with username (= my e - mail - address ) and password .
Uuuh , it was 09/11 ... 

ISPELL:  Yes, I received the confirmation e-mail on 2012-09-11 with user name (= my e-mail-address) and password. Uuuh, it was 09/11 ...

LINE:  How adorably disingenuous. 

CORRECTED:  How adorable disingenuous .
   

ISPELL:  How adorable disingenuous. 

LINE:  Windows Phone upgradeability

CORRECTED:  Windows shone upgradeability 

ISPELL:  Windows Phone upgrade ability

LINE:  Hi Gregory. I reverted your change on the Windows phone article. Neither Microsoft nor its partners have made any official statements on whether devices running Windows Phone 7.5 will be upgradeable to Windows Phone 8. The references given by another user are blogs that are relying on Hearsay.

CORRECTED:  Hi Gregory .
I reverted your change on the Windows one article .
Neither Microsoft nor its partners have made any official statements on whether devices running Windows shone 7.5 will be upgradeable to Windows shone 8 .
The references given by another user are logs that are relying on Hearsay . 

ISPELL:  Hi Gregory. I reverted your change on the Windows phone article. Neither Microsoft nor its partners have made any official statements on whether devices running Windows Phone 7.5 will be upgrade able to Windows Phone 8. The references given by another user are blogs that are relying on Hearsay.

LINE:  I've tried to be as objective as possible, and treat the author in my head as someone who's first tongue is not English. I think Davies is borderline notable, but the article is not. I spent an hour googling Davies earlier today and found nothing except that he has translated a lot of stuff. Well, I have done a lot of stuff in my life. I'm even borderline notable in a small field, but nothing to warrant an article on me, especially one that precisley nothing links to like this one. Frankly I hope the author just makes it notable. I'll respond to him with gentlemanly politesse, but I can;t help him any further.

CORRECTED:  I have tried to be as objective as possible , and treat the author in my head as someone who is first tongue is not English .
I think Davies is borderline notable , but the article is not .
I spent an hour goggling Davies earlier today and found nothing except that he has translated a lot of stuff .
Well , I have done a lot of stuff in my life .
I am even borderline notable in a small field , but nothing to warrant an article on me , especially one that precisley nothing links to like this one .
Frankly I hope the author just makes it notable .
I all respond to him with gentlemanly politesse , but I cast help him any further . 

ISPELL:  I've tried to be as objective as possible, and treat the author in my head as someone who's first tongue is not English. I think Davies is borderline notable, but the article is not. I spent an hour googling Davies earlier today and found nothing except that he has translated a lot of stuff. Well, I have done a lot of stuff in my life. I'm even borderline notable in a small field, but nothing to warrant an article on me, especially one that precisely nothing links to like this one. Frankly I hope the author just makes it notable. I'll respond to him with gentlemanly politesse, but I can;t help him any further.

LINE:  What a Brilliant Idea Barnstar For actively seeking every possible way to help other users, especially those I honestly didn't think would work but did, I hereby award (//c)

CORRECTED:  What a Brilliant Idea Barnstar For actively seeking every possible way to help other users , especially those I honestly did not think would work but did , I hereby award ( //c ) 

ISPELL:  What a Brilliant Idea Barn star For actively seeking every possible way to help other users, especially those I honestly didn't think would work but did, I hereby award (//c)

LINE:  The young Richard Steele appears as a character in William Makepeace Thackeray's novel Henry Esmond. Is this appropriate to mention in the article, do y'all reckon?

CORRECTED:  The young Richard Steele appears as a character in William Makepeace Thackeray as novel Henry Esmond .
Is this appropriate to mention in the article , do ye all reckon ? 

ISPELL:  The young Richard Steeple appears as a character in William Make peace Thackeray's novel Henry Desmond. Is this appropriate to mention in the article, do y'all reckon?

LINE:  I'm sure if you worked on articles other than Arcayne you'd do fine. You two seem to have a problem with each other, so why do you seek him out and edit where he does? xenotalk

CORRECTED:  I am sure if you worked on articles other than Arcayne you i do fine .
You two seem to have a problem with each other , so why do you seek him out and exit where he does ?
xenotalk 

ISPELL:  I'm sure if you worked on articles other than Arcane you'd do fine. You two seem to have a problem with each other, so why do you seek him out and edit where he does? xenotalk

LINE:  Best Clans in Runescape

CORRECTED:  Best Clans in Runescape 

ISPELL:  Best Clans in Run escape

LINE:  1 The Gladiatorz - Been the best clan in rs for 6+ years now

CORRECTED:  1
The Gladiatorz - Been the best clan in us for 6 + years now 

ISPELL:  1 The Gladiator - Been the best clan in hrs for 6+ years now

LINE:  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Hyperopia. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing. fisto

CORRECTED:  Please do not vandalize pages , as you did with this exit to Hyperopia .
If you continue to do so , you will be blocked from editing .
fast 

ISPELL:  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Hyperopia. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing. fist

LINE:  Presently, we are witnessing an open war against Croatian Dinaric culture. Croatian Left often portrays this culture as "primitive" and "rural" (even "fashist") being in service of Conservative HDZ party. Croatian writer Predrag Raos, for instance, "performed" on gusle instrument in Zagreb on several occasions this year (2004) with only one intention - to ridicule the same instrument and its rich poetic tradition.

CORRECTED:  Presently , we are witnessing an open war against Croatian Dinaric culture .
Croatian Left often portrays this culture as " primitive " and " rural " ( even " fashist " ) being in service of Conservative HDZ party .
Croatian writer Predrag Raos , for instance , " performed " on guile instrument in Zagreb on several occasions this year ( 2004 ) with only one intention - to ridicule the same instrument and its rich poetic tradition . 

ISPELL:  Presently, we are witnessing an open war against Croatian Dinaric culture. Croatian Left often portrays this culture as "primitive" and "rural" (even "fascist") being in service of Conservative HZ party. Croatian writer Predrag Laos, for instance, "performed" on guile instrument in Zagreb on several occasions this year (2004) with only one intention - to ridicule the same instrument and its rich poetic tradition.

LINE:  Olinko Delorko, the researcher of Dalmatian folk poetry in the 1960s, states in his book Ljuba Ivanova (1969) that most of his Dalmatian folk poetry collection was obtained by women, especially the ones from the island of Hvar.

CORRECTED:  Olinko Delorko , the researches of Dalmatian folk poetry in the 1960s , states in his book juba Ivanova ( 1969 ) that most of his Dalmatian folk poetry collection was obtained by women , especially the ones from the island of war . 

ISPELL:  Olinko Delorko, the researcher of Dalmatian folk poetry in the 1960s, states in his book Ljuba Ivan ova (1969) that most of his Dalmatian folk poetry collection was obtained by women, especially the ones from the island of VAR.

LINE:  The Zadar Littoral also witnessed strong gusle tradition. English writer Maude M. Holbach, travelling through Zadar region in the first decade of 20th century states in her book "Dalmatia: The Land Where East Meets West" that the gusle was the national instrument of the region. As for Dinaric dances, which took place at markets and certain festivals, they are very picturesque and interesting, and worth going a long way to see, being a survival of ancient custom probably unique in Europe (p.54)

CORRECTED:  The hadar Littoral also witnessed strong guile tradition .
English writer Maude M. Holbach , travelling through hadar region in the first decade of 20th century states in her book " Dalmatia : The Land Where East Meets West " that the guile was the national instrument of the region .
As for Dinaric dances , which took place at markets and certain festivals , they are very picturesque and interesting , and worth going a long way to see , being a survival of ancient custom probably unique in Europe ( p.54 ) 

ISPELL:  The Radar Littoral also witnessed strong guile tradition. English writer Maude M. Holbach, traveling through Radar region in the first decade of 20th century states in her book "Dalmatia: The Land Where East Meets West" that the guile was the national instrument of the region. As for Dinaric dances, which took place at markets and certain festivals, they are very picturesque and interesting, and worth going a long way to see, being a survival of ancient custom probably unique in Europe (p.54)

LINE:  Now, lets take a look at the names of some Dalmatian sports clubs and organizations: Hajduk, Junak, Gusar, Alkar, Uskok, sinjska alka, etc. What do they have in common? Of course, their names refer to the heroic gusle tradition of the region.

CORRECTED:  Now , lets take a look at the names of some Dalmatian sports clubs and organizations : Hajduk , Junak , Gusar , Alkar , Uskok , sinjska alka , etc .
What do they have in common ?
Of course , their names refer to the heroic guile tradition of the region . 

ISPELL:  Now, lets take a look at the names of some Dalmatian sports clubs and organizations: Hajduk, Junk, Gusar, Altar, Uskok, sinjska ala, etc. What do they have in common? Of course, their names refer to the heroic guile tradition of the region.

LINE:  Having this in mind, one wonders why this proud Croatian heritage has become almost extinct. Why do we have so few gusle players today ? Is it a result of unavoidable urbanization of modern Croatian society where peasant culture is being considered inferior to global rock 'n' roll culture ? If so, why has tamburitza music of Northern Croatia gained wide acceptance from the Croatian establishment while its Dinaric counterpart (gusle music) is looked upon with suspicion and open hatre

CORRECTED:  Having this in mind , one wonders why this proud Croatian heritage has become almost extinct .
Why do we have so few guile players today ?
Is it a result of unavoidable urbanization of modern Croatian society where peasant culture is being considered inferior to global rock ' n ' roll culture ?
If so , why has tamburitza music of Northern Croatia gained wide acceptance from the Croatian establishment while its Dinaric counterpart ( guile music ) is looked upon with suspicion and open are 

ISPELL:  Having this in mind, one wonders why this proud Croatian heritage has become almost extinct. Why do we have so few guile players today ? Is it a result of unavoidable urbanization of modern Croatian society where peasant culture is being considered inferior to global rock 'n' roll culture ? If so, why has tamburitza music of Northern Croatian gained wide acceptance from the Croatian establishment while its Dinaric counterpart (guile music) is looked upon with suspicion and open hatred

LINE:  The total population(10 millions) does not match with the e sum of the referenced populationsbelow in the infoboxImages in Infobox

CORRECTED:  The total population(10 millions ) does not match with the e sum of the reference populationsbelow in the infoboxImages in Infobox 

ISPELL:  The total population(10 millions) does not match with the e sum of the referenced populations below in the infoboxImages in Info box

LINE:  lol censorship. You're really disappointed that NPOV is a core policy, aren't you? (talk  contribs)

CORRECTED:  o censorship .
You are really disappointed that NPOV is a core policy , are not you ?
( talk  contribs ) 

ISPELL:  loll censorship. You're really disappointed that NPOV is a core policy, aren't you? (talk  contribs)

LINE:  who cares? if i was blocked on myspace or pulse music board, then i would be more concerned.

CORRECTED:  who cares ? if i was blocked on myspace or pulse music board , then i would be more concerned . 

ISPELL:  who cares? if i was blocked on my space or pulse music board, then i would be more concerned.

LINE:  When you say irrigiation structure, what exactly do you mean? I live on an irrigated block which uses overhead sprinkers, and I'm not far from the nearest channel. Thye all look the same throughout Sunraysia. I've got a little spare time now to grab some more shots, though I don't think I'll get out as far as Dareton. Got any requests? \talk

CORRECTED:  When you say irrigiation structure , what exactly do you mean ?
I live on an irritated block which uses overhead sprinkers , and I am not far from the nearest channel .
he all look the same throughout Sunraysia .
I have got a little spare time now to grab some more shots , though I do not think I will get out as far as Dareton .
Got any requests ?
talk 

ISPELL:  When you say irrigation structure, what exactly do you mean? I live on an irrigated block which uses overhead sprinklers, and I'm not far from the nearest channel. They all look the same throughout Sunraysia. I've got a little spare time now to grab some more shots, though I don't think I'll get out as far as Dare ton. Got any requests? \talk

LINE:  3RR Violation by PatrickFlaherty

CORRECTED:  3RR Violation by PatrickFlaherty 

ISPELL:  3ERR Violation by PatrickFlaherty

LINE:  User user:PatrickFlaherty is reverting a sourced post. He is also violating the 3RR for Raila_Odinga

CORRECTED:  User user : PatrickFlaherty is reverting a source post .
He is also violating the 3RR for Raila_Odinga 

ISPELL:  User user:PatrickFlaherty is reverting a soured post. He is also violating the 3ERR for Rail_Odinga

LINE:  Yes, it looks much better than before. At the top of the page, it says "This article needs additional citations for verification", may be britannica encyclopedia could help adding citations... I dunno. Cheers,

CORRECTED:  Yes , it looks much better than before .
At the top of the page , it says " This article needs additional citations for verifications " , may be britannia encyclopedia could help adding citations ...
I dunno .
Cheers , 

ISPELL:  Yes, it looks much better than before. At the top of the page, it says "This article needs additional citations for verification", may be Britannica encyclopedia could help adding citations... I Dunne. Cheers,

LINE:  Baldwin was careful to emphasise that the Treaties were the substance of his objections. Standfordham wrote to the King, on 7 October, 'I saw Mr Baldwin who, in reply to my question "Do you want to turn the Government out?" said "Yes, but not on the Campbell issue, but on the Russian Treaties which the country generally condemns." He sees no alternative to a dissolution; it has always been expected, some wished for it before now, though he is opposed to hastening the Government's fall. ...' ... And it is true that only in the House of Commons were Baldwin's strictures based on the Campbell case  at Newcastle on 2 October he congratulated MacDonald on the agreement, achieved at a conference in London, on the Dawes Plan for reparations, and then spent the rest of the speech alternately pouring scorn on the Labour party's subservience to its extremists, and tearing to pieces the Russian agreement. But the final debate on 8 October was a mean Parliamentary occasion. Two days before, in a meeting which was something of a suave qui puet, the Cabinet decided to take it as a vote of confidence, preferring to go out on the Campbell case to a defeat on the Russian Treaties which might give the left wing too much prominence.Middlemas and Barnes, p. 273.

CORRECTED:  Baldwin was careful to emphasise that the Treaties were the substance of his objections .
Standfordham wrote to the King , on 7 October , ' I saw Mr Baldwin who , in reply to my question " Do you want to turn the Government out ? " said " Yes , but not on the Campbell issue , but on the Russian Treaties which the country generally condemns . "
He sees no alternative to a dissolution ; it has always been expected , some wished for it before now , though he is opposed to hastening the Government us fall . ... ' ...
And it is true that only in the House of Commons were Baldwin is structures based on the Campbell case  at Newcastle on 2 October
he congratulated MacDonald on the agreement , achieved at a conference in London , on the laws Plan for reparation , and then spent the rest of the speech alternately pouring scorn on the Labour party as subservience to its extremists , and tearing to pieces the Russian agreement .
But the final debate on 8 October was a mean Parliamentary occasion .
Two days before , in a meeting which was something of a save qui put , the Cabinet decided to take it as a vote of confidence , preferring to go out on the Campbell case to a defeat on the Russian Treaties which might give the left wing too much prominence .
Middlemas and Barnes , i 273 . 

ISPELL:  Baldwin was careful to emphasis that the Treaties were the substance of his objections. Stand Fordham wrote to the King, on 7 October, 'I saw Mr Baldwin who, in reply to my question "Do you want to turn the Government out?" said "Yes, but not on the Campbell issue, but on the Russian Treaties which the country generally condemns." He sees no alternative to a dissolution; it has always been expected, some wished for it before now, though he is opposed to hastening the Government's fall. ...' ... And it is true that only in the House of Commons were Baldwin's strictures based on the Campbell case  at Newcastle on 2 October he congratulated MacDonald on the agreement, achieved at a conference in London, on the DaDaleslan for reparations, and then spent the rest of the speech alternately pouring scorn on the LaLaborarty's subservience to its extremists, and tearing to pieces the Russian agreement. But the final debate on 8 October was a mean Parliamentary occasion. Two days before, in a meeting which was something of a suave ququipupetthe Cabinet decided to take it as a vote of confidence, preferring to go out on the Campbell case to a defeat on the Russian Treaties which might give the left wing too much prominence.MiddMiddleman BarnBares 273.

LINE:  In general, the outside sourcing should exceed the inside sourcing. If there's an entire section without any references, you don't have enough. The lede refers to a "dire need" this would generally be seen as over-the-top. Look at the APO article for ideas on how to speak about your group.

CORRECTED:  In general , the outside sourcing should exceed the inside sourcing .
If there is an entire section without any references , you do not have enough .
The lee refers to a " dire need " this would generally be seen as over - the - top .
Look at the APO article for ideas on how to speak about your group . 

ISPELL:  In general, the outside souring should exceed the inside souring. If there's an entire section without any references, you don't have enough. The ledge refers to a "dire need" this would generally be seen as over-the-top. Look at the ADO article for ideas on how to speak about your group.

LINE:  OKAY, I have now tried to just delete the offensive sentences in the beginning about Mr. Irving being a socalled 'holocaust denier'. He says himself he is not, and acknowledges that many jews were killed during the war, however he does not go along with the 6 million jews killed-figure, as he reckons the number to be lower. And it really comes down to that: " David has the right to question anything relating to history and WW2 is his speciality, and he actually makes a living of questioning and critically examining sources.

CORRECTED:  OKAY , I have now tried to just delete the offensive sentences in the beginning about Mr. Irving being a socalled ' holocaust denies ' .
He says himself he is not , and acknowledges that many jews were killed during the war , however he does not go along with the 6 million jews killed - figure , as he reckons the number to be lower .
And it really comes down to that : " David has the right to question anything relating to history and WW2 is his speciality , and he actually makes a living of questioning and critically examining sources . 

ISPELL:  OKAY, I have now tried to just delete the offensive sentences in the beginning about Mr. Irving being a so called 'holocaust denier'. He says himself he is not, and acknowledges that many Jews were killed during the war, however he does not go along with the 6 million Jews killed-figure, as he reckons the number to be lower. And it really comes down to that: " David has the right to question anything relating to history and WWW2 is his specialty, and he actually makes a living of questioning and critically examining sources.

LINE:  I also decided to delete the account about him loosing a court case in 2000. David have launched several libel cases before - in 1996 he won 45000  libel-damage against an English Sunday Newspaper. The fact that he this time lost is not something that should figure at the head of his CV. Many people also find it extraordinary that a judge can deside what a person IS or is not, and what beliefs he holds.

CORRECTED:  I also decided to delete the account about him loosing a court case in 2000 .
David have launched several libel cases before - in 1996 he won 45000  libel - damage against an English Sunday Newspaper .
The fact that he this time lost is not something that should figure at the head of his CV .
Many people also find it extraordinary that a judge can decide what a person IS or is not , and what beliefs he holds . 

ISPELL:  I also decided to delete the account about him loosing a court case in 2000. David have launched several libel cases before - in 1996 he won 45000  libel-damage against an English Sunday Newspaper. The fact that he this time lost is not something that should figure at the head of his CCVS Many people also find it extraordinary that a judge can dbesidewhat a person IS or is not, and what beliefs he holds.

LINE:  Ok. Maybe you want to comment on the Talk page about that. It's interestig to know.

CORRECTED:  i .
Maybe you want to comment on the Talk page about that .
It is interesting to know . 

ISPELL:  OK. Maybe you want to comment on the Talk page about that. It's interesting to know.

LINE:  Oppose I find it hard to believe this requires an RFC, but such is the wikiworld...  /

CORRECTED:  Oppose I find it hard to believe this requires an RFC , but such is the wikiworld ...
 / 

ISPELL:  Oppose I find it hard to believe this requires an RFC, but such is the Wiki world...  /

LINE:  , I and Preceding undated comment added

CORRECTED:  , I and Preceding undated comment added 

ISPELL:  , I and Preceding unupdatedomment added

LINE:  , I and (talk  contribs) We do not care that WIKINEWS even considers Dr. Rafizadeh as an expert and interviewed hin here: .wikinews.org/wiki/Wikinews_interviews_Scott_Lucas,_Eyal_Zisser,_Majid_Rafizadeh_about_risks_of_US_military_intervention_in_Syria

CORRECTED:  , I and ( talk  contribs )
We do not care that WIKINEWS even considers Dr. Rafizadeh as an expert and interviewed hin here : .wikinews.org / wiki / Wikinews_interviews_Scott_Lucas,_Eyal_Zisser,_Majid_Rafizadeh_about_risks_of_US_military_intervention_in_Syria 

ISPELL:  , I and (talk  contribs) We do not care that WIWIKI NEWSven considers Dr. Rafizadeh as an expert and interviewed hichinere: .wiWiki newsrBorgiWikiiWiki newsnterviews_Scott_Lucas,_Eyal_ZiHisserMaMaidafizadeh_about_risks_of_US_military_intervention_in_Syria

LINE:  We "simply, do not care. We do not care even if he publishes on CNN or NYT or quoted on CNN and New York Times like here

CORRECTED:  We " simply , do not care .
We do not care even if he published on CNN or NYT or quoted on CNN and New York Times like here 

ISPELL:  We "simply, do not care. We do not care even if he publishes on CONN or NAT or quoted on CONN and New York Times like here

LINE:  Does not matter even if BBC World service made bio of him here: .bbc.co.uk/programmes/p01gsjfk

CORRECTED:  Does not matter even if BBC World service made i of him here : .bbc.co.uk / programme / p01gsjfk 

ISPELL:  Does not matter even if NBC World service made Io of him here: .NBC.CEO.OK/programmers/p01gsjfk

LINE:  Dos not matter if CNN and France International wrote about him and his family members being killed here

CORRECTED:  is not matter if CNN and France International wrote about him and his family members being killed here 

ISPELL:  DOS not matter if CONN and France International wrote about him and his family members being killed here

LINE:  We also dont care that he published in almost all national and international outlets including scholarly and academic works like here .google.com/scholar?hl=en&q;=majid+rafizadeh+&btnG;=&as;_sdt=1%2C29&as;_sdtp=

CORRECTED:  We also do nt care that he published in almost all national and international outlets including scholarly and academic works like here .google.com / scholar?hl = en&q;=majid+rafizadeh+&btnG;=&as;_sdt=1%2C29&as;_sdtp= 

ISPELL:  We also don't care that he published in almost all national and international outlets including scholarly and academic works like here .google.coma/scholar?Hal=Ben&q;=maid+rafizadeh+&bang;=&as;_st=1%2C29&as;_SMTP=

LINE:  for the Third of May 1808, reaching FA and it's still April, thanks for your input.....

CORRECTED:  for the Third of May 1808 , reaching FA and it is still April , thanks for your input ..... 

ISPELL:  for the Third of May 1808, reaching FDA and it's still April, thanks for your input.....

LINE:  It isn't about success. It's a phenomenon that goes back at least 100 years, to the days of Sousa and Johann Strauss. However, if you look at the "Article Milestones" section above, you'll see it has survived no fewer than four deletion discussions. And we do require credible sources, and fancruft is removed on sight. andemu

CORRECTED:  It is not about success .
It is a phenomenon that goes back at least 100 years , to the days of Sousa and Johann Strauss .
However , if you look at the " Article Milestones " section above , you all see it has survived no fewer than four deletion discussions .
And we do require credible sources , and fancruft is removed on sight .
andemu 

ISPELL:  It isn't about success. It's a phenomenon that goes back at least 100 years, to the days of Sousa and Johann Strauss. However, if you look at the "Article Milestones" section above, you'll see it has survived no fewer than four deletion discussions. And we do require credible sources, and fan cruft is removed on sight. andemu

LINE:  PAGE I TRIED TO CREATE IS NOW AN ACTUAL PAGE LOL YOU BANNED ME FOR NOTHING

CORRECTED:  PAGE I TRIED TO CREATE IS NOW AN ACTUAL PAGE LOL
YOU BANNED ME FOR NOTHING 

ISPELL:  PAGE I TRIED TO CREATE IS NOW AN ACTUAL PAGE LOLL YOU BANNED ME FOR NOTHING

LINE:  Please stop adding not related Moroccan issues to Sahrawi articles while trying to look neutral. I will revert it again & again, as that editions are clear POV-pushing.

CORRECTED:  Please stop adding not related Moroccan issues to Sahrawi articles while trying to look neutral .
I will every it again & again , as that editions are clear POV - pushing . 

ISPELL:  Please stop adding not related Moroccan issues to Sahrawi articles while trying to look neutral. I will revert it again & again, as that editions are clear POD-pushing.

LINE:  Ok, here it is, peer viewed for 12 months and published at Academic archive On-line (DiVA),

CORRECTED:  i , here it is , peer viewed for 12 months and published at Academic archive On - line ( DiVA ) , 

ISPELL:  OK, here it is, peer viewed for 12 months and published at Academic archive On-line (Diva),

LINE:  on a permanent URI: urn:nbn:se:kau:diva-2790

CORRECTED:  on a permanent URI : urn : on : se : a : diva-2790 

ISPELL:  on a permanent YURI: urn:Nan:use:tau:diva-2790

LINE:  Wallin H. 2008, 129 p: An investigation of friction graphs ranking ability regarding the galling phenomenon in dry SOFS contact (Adhesive material transfer and friction), A free pdf document available here or www.diva-portal.org found here or at www.uppsok.libris.kb.se here use search words:"galling & Harald Wallin" or the direct libris link here

CORRECTED:  Wallin H. 2008 , 129 p :
An investigation of friction grapes raking ability regarding the galling phenomenon in dry SOFS contact ( Adhesive material transfer and friction ) , A free pdf document available here or www.diva-portal.org found here or at www.uppsok.libris.kb.se here use search words:"galling & Harald Wallin " or the direct libris link here 

ISPELL:  Walling H. 2008, 129 p: An investigation of friction graphs ranking ability regarding the galling phenomenon in dry SOFAS contact (Adhesive material transfer and friction), A free PDP document available here or WWW.diva-portal.Borg found here or at WWW.uppsok.libris.kb.use here use search words:"galling & Herald Walling" or the direct libris link here

LINE:  Faustian inserted this in the article: The UPA's cooperation with Jews was extensive enough that, according to former head of the Office to Counter Soviet Disinformation at the USIA, some Soviet propaganda works complained about Zionist membership in UPA. Seems to be a complete POV to muddy the waters - and picture UPA as an organisation friendly to Jews instead of an organisation which collaborated with the Germans on exterminating the Jewish people.

CORRECTED:  Faustian inserted this in the article : The UPA as cooperation with Jews was extensive enough that , according to former head of the Office to Counter Soviet Disinformation at the USIA , some Soviet propaganda works complained about Zionist membership in UPA .
Seems to be a complete POV to muddy the waters - and picture UPA as an organisation friendly to Jews instead of an organisation which collaborated with the Germans on exterminating the Jewish people . 

ISPELL:  Faustian inserted this in the article: The UPA's cooperation with Jews was extensive enough that, according to former head of the Office to Counter Soviet Misinformation at the USA, some Soviet propaganda works complained about Zionist membership in PUPA. Seems to be a complete POD to muddy the waters - and picture PUPA as an organization friendly to Jews instead of an organization which collaborated with the Germans on exterminating the Jewish people.

LINE:  Are they the anderthals? the same discription as in quran? has anybody thought of this?

CORRECTED:  Are they the anderthals ?
the same description as in aran ?
has anybody thought of this ? 

ISPELL:  Are they the anderthals? the same description as in quran? has anybody thought of this?

LINE:  The discussion of when there first were outdoor trees with electric lights is very strange. 1956? are you kidding? and some obscure town in NC? I don't think this makes much sense, especially since the sentences immediately preceding these establish that other cities had electrically lighted, outdoor Christmas trees in the early years of the 20th century. The article cited for the North Carolina town, if read carefully, really only states that the tradition of having outdoor lighted trees IN THAT SPECIFIC TOWN began in 1956, not that the town claims it was the first place to have such trees. I am old enough to have been around in 1956 (though I was a small boy) and I can tell you that we and our neighbors in Southern California had lighted, outdoor trees prior to 1956, and no one thought it remarkable or unusual. The history here is questionable, to say the least.

CORRECTED:  The discussion of when there first were outdoor trees with electric lights is very strange .
1956 ?
are you bidding ?
and some obscure town in NC ?
I do not think this makes much sense , especially since the sentences immediately preceding these establish that other cities had electrically lighted , outdoor Christmas trees in the early years of the 20th century .
The article cited for the North Carolina town , if read carefully , really only states that the tradition of having outdoor lighted trees IN THAT SPECIFIC TOWN began in 1956 , not that the town claims it was the first place to have such trees .
I am old enough to have been around in 1956 ( though I was a small boy ) and I can tell you that we and our neighbors in Southern California had lighted , outdoor trees prior to 1956 , and no one thought it remarkable or unusual .
The history here is questionable , to say the least . 

ISPELL:  The discussion of when there first were outdoor trees with electric lights is very strange. 1956? are you kidding? and some obscure town in INC? I don't think this makes much sense, especially since the sentences immediately preceding these establish that other cities had electrically lighted, outdoor Christmas trees in the early years of the 20th century. The article cited for the North Carolina town, if read carefully, really only states that the tradition of having outdoor lighted trees IN THAT SPECIFIC TOWN began in 1956, not that the town claims it was the first place to have such trees. I am old enough to have been around in 1956 (though I was a small boy) and I can tell you that we and our neighbors in Southern California had lighted, outdoor trees prior to 1956, and no one thought it remarkable or unusual. The history here is questionable, to say the least.

LINE:  Once we feel like we've gotten past the "dispute" stage (I would say we have), someone should post a Request for page unprotection so that we can move the new version in. You might also mention that the admin should merge Naked short selling/Workshop in so that we can keep the page history. Or I'll do it later tonight - it doesn't really matter. ()(Talk)

CORRECTED:  Once we feel like we have gotten past the " dispute " stage ( I would say we have ) , someone should post a Request for page unprotection so that we can move the new version in .
You might also mention that the din should merge Naked short selling / Workshop in so that we can keep the page history .
Or I all do it later tonight - it does not really matter .
( ) ( Talk ) 

ISPELL:  Once we feel like we've gotten past the "dispute" stage (I would say we have), someone should post a Request for page UN protection so that we can move the new version in. You might also mention that the admit should merge Naked short selling/Workshop in so that we can keep the page history. Or I'll do it later tonight - it doesn't really matter. ()(Talk)

LINE:  I shoulda known the Piccirilli Brothers actiually executed Ward's pediment sculpture at the Stock Exchange! Happy Christmas, Carptrash.

CORRECTED:  I should known the Piccirilli Brothers actually executed Ward is sediment sculpture at the Stock Exchange !
Happy Christmas , Carptrash . 

ISPELL:  I should known the Piccirilli Brothers actually executed Ward's pediment sculpture at the Stock Exchange! Happy Christmas, Carp trash.

LINE:  Hey Jim. Good to see you around. You're right. I was on a no consensus tending towards delete, but not a clear delete because of the two Times of India sources (and one more source, again from the Times of India, that is visible on the search engines). What would you like me to do here? I can re-list the AfD if you might prefer that. Message

CORRECTED:  Hey Jim .
Good to see you around .
You are right .
I was on a no consensus tending towards delete , but not a clear delete because of the two Times of India sources ( and one more source , again from the Times of India , that is visible on the search engines ) .
What would you like me to do here ?
I can re - list the AfD if you might prefer that .
Message 

ISPELL:  Hey Jim. Good to see you around. You're right. I was on a no consensus tending towards delete, but not a clear delete because of the two Times of India sources (and one more source, again from the Times of India, that is visible on the search engines). What would you like me to do here? I can re-list the Fad if you might prefer that. Message

LINE:  And if he were a mere "fellow editor," I wouldn't have any problem with him. But since he seems to let the power of being an admin go to his head, I have an issue with him. Please read what remains of his Talk page if you need examples of this. I'm a moderator on a very popular internet discussion board, and I would never ignore a valid question from a user.

CORRECTED:  And if he were a mere " fellow editor , " I would not have any problem with him .
But since he seems to let the power of being an adin go to his head , I have an issue with him .
Please read what remains of his Talk page if you need examples of this .
I am a moderator on a very popular internet discussion board , and I would never ignore a valid question from a user . 

ISPELL:  And if he were a mere "fellow editor," I wouldn't have any problem with him. But since he seems to let the power of being an admit go to his head, I have an issue with him. Please read what remains of his Talk page if you need examples of this. I'm a moderator on a very popular Internet discussion board, and I would never ignore a valid question from a user.

LINE:  is gonna help us to. He is logged in if you want to talk to him on his talk page.

CORRECTED:  is gon no help us to .
He is logged in if you want to talk to him on his talk page . 

ISPELL:  is Donna help us to. He is logged in if you want to talk to him on his talk page.

LINE:  You have new messages (last change)." and the notice below result from and targeting this website as a result of an editorial dispute as to whether to include Theodore Roosevelt's view of US political corruption on the Unholy Alliance page, i.e.,

CORRECTED:  You have new messages ( last change ) . " and the notice below result from and targeting this website as a result of an editorial dispute as to whether to include Theodore Roosevelt a view of US political corruption on the Unholy Alliance page , i.e. , 

ISPELL:  You have new messages (last change)." and the notice below result from and targeting this web site as a result of an editorial dispute as to whether to include Theodore Roosevelt's view of US political corruption on the Unholy Alliance page, i.e.,

LINE:  Their recent edits may be reviewed at Special:Contributions/Arkyan and Special:Contributions/Avraham and reverted where appropriate.

CORRECTED:  Their recent exits may be reviewed at Special : Contributions / Arkyan and Special : Contributions / Avraham and reverted where appropriate . 

ISPELL:  Their recent edits may be reviewed at Special:Contributions/Aryan and Special:Contributions/Abraham and reverted where appropriate.

LINE:  Tarcisio Pietro Evasio Bertone was incharge of the Vatican from 28 February to 13 March 2013 thus the Prophesy of St Malachi is fulfilled.

CORRECTED:  Tarcisio Pietro Evasio Bertone was vncharge of the Vatican from 28 February to 13 March 2013 thus the Prophesy of St Malachi is fulfilled . 

ISPELL:  Tarcisio Pietro Evasion Bert one was in charge of the Vatican from 28 February to 13 March 2013 thus the Prophesy of St Malachi is fulfilled.

LINE:  You pretty much blew through my respect when you tried to demand I give up my adminship. My position is very, very simple - the AfDs were invalid. They should not have been filed. I fixed the mistake.

CORRECTED:  You pretty much blew through my respect when you tried to demand I give up my adminship .
My position is very , very simple - the AfDs were invalid .
They should not have been filed .
I fixed the mistake . 

ISPELL:  You pretty much blew through my respect when you tried to demand I give up my adminship. My position is very, very simple - the Fads were invalid. They should not have been filed. I fixed the mistake.

LINE:  See claim three here: .wiley.com/doi/10.1111/mepo.12003/full#ss2 That is a reliable source.

CORRECTED:  See claim three here : .wiley.com / doi/10.1111/mepo.12003/full#ss2
That is a reliable source . 

ISPELL:  See claim three here: .Wiley.coma/do/10.1111/memo.12003/full#ass2 That is a reliable source.

LINE:  , in the future please sign after your tags on the Photography workshop page. While a bot is currently doing it for you... i.e. " Preceding unsigned comment added by

CORRECTED:  , in the future please sign after your tags on the Photography workshop page .
While a it is currently doing it for you ...
i.e. "  Preceding unsigned comment added by 

ISPELL:  , in the future please sign after your tags on the Photography workshop page. While a blot is currently doing it for you... i.e. " Preceding unsigned comment added by

LINE:  Now that Apple Inc. has admitted that they did in fact use child labour, this is clearly a far, far more serious type of criticism than everything currently mentioned in this main article's criticism summary section. The explicit word "child labor" should be mentioned in this article.

CORRECTED:  Now that Apple Inc. has admitted that they did in fact use child labour , this is clearly a far , far more serious type of criticism than everything currently mentioned in this main article as criticism summary section .
The explicit word " child labor " should be mentioned in this article . 

ISPELL:  Now that Apple Inc. has admitted that they did in fact use child labor, this is clearly a far, far more serious type of criticism than everything currently mentioned in this main article's criticism summary section. The explicit word "child labor" should be mentioned in this article.

LINE:  Both articles should be merged. (Operibus anteire)

CORRECTED:  Both articles should be merged .
( Operibus anteire ) 

ISPELL:  Both articles should be merged. (Operibus ante ire)

LINE:  Everywhere. Though I might just start going thru the secure server all the time, because I have a similar issue with the popups userinfo grabber. xenotalk

CORRECTED:  Everywhere .
Though I might just start going thou the secure serve all the time , because I have a similar issue with the popups userinfo grabber .
xenotalk 

ISPELL:  Everywhere. Though I might just start going thru the secure server all the time, because I have a similar issue with the pop ups user info grabber. xenotalk

LINE:  Hi. The routes to Japan are often mis read. First, I had the argument that JAL flew to Tokyo, not JALways. But now I would like to challenge a route that Jetstar takes. It said the Jetstar flew to Kansai from Brisbane. This is true but you must connect through Sydney. Although you would stay on the same aeroplane, the flight number between BNE-KIX changes in Sydney meaning it is not a direct flight. EG: Flight 001, SYD-KIX. FLIGHT 002, KIX-SYD via BNE. That is how it works. If you are not sure, please check Qantas schedualing. I wont edit the page now in fear that I will be banned.

CORRECTED:  Hi .
The routes to Japan are often mis read .
First , I had the argument that JAL flew to Tokyo , not JALways .
But now I would like to challenge a route that Jetstar takes .
It said the Jetstar flew to Kansai from Brisbane .
This is true but you must connect through Sydney .
Although you would stay on the same aeroplane , the flight number between BNE - KIX changes in Sydney meaning it is not a direct flight .
EG :
Flight 001 , SYD - KIX .
FLIGHT 002 , KIX - SYD via BNE .
That is how it works .
If you are not sure , please check Qantas schedualing .
I wo nt exit the page now in fear that I will be banned . 

ISPELL:  Hi. The routes to Japan are often mies read. First, I had the argument that JAIL flew to Tokyo, not Always. But now I would like to challenge a route that Jet star takes. It said the Jet star flew to Kansas from Brisbane. This is true but you must connect through Sydney. Although you would stay on the same aeroplane, the flight number between BANE-IX changes in Sydney meaning it is not a direct flight. BEG: Flight 001, SAD-IX. FLIGHT 002, IX-SAD via BANE. That is how it works. If you are not sure, please check Qantas scheduling. I wont edit the page now in fear that I will be banned.

LINE:  omg!! you are an admin and you protect the people who vandalise the "Bulgars" article. these attackers are pan-slavic ultra-nationalists and they dont want to see the word beginning with "Turk". you help them remove reliable sources. Old Bulgars are changing into slavs by your hand... great!

CORRECTED:  o ! !
you are an adin and you protect the people who vandalise the " Bulgars " article .
these attackers are pan - slavic ultra - nationalist and they do nt want to see the word beginning with " Turk " .
you help them remove reliable sources .
Old Bulgars are changing into slabs by your hand ... great ! 

ISPELL:  omg!! you are an admit and you protect the people who vandalize the "Bulgars" article. these attackers are pan-Slavic ultra-nationalists and they don't want to see the word beginning with "Turk". you help them remove reliable sources. Old Bulgars are changing into Slavs by your hand... great!

LINE:  Thanks. From my point of view there are differences and parallels between the two concepts: One parallel is that both concepts are intending a territory with a homogeneous population. The difference is: the concept of racial hygiene is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium "race" (whatever "race" might be), the concept of ethnically homogeneous states is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium "ethnicity". A second difference is that the concept of racial hygiene has led to more extreme forms and methods in political practice in history (example: the holocaust - not only expulsion but also extinction of millions of people in an industrially organised process). (User, Nov. 17th, 2006)

CORRECTED:  Thanks .
From my point of view there are differences and parallels between the two conceits : One parallel is that both conceits are intending a territory with a homogeneous population .
The difference is : the conceit of racial hygiene is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium " race " ( whatever " race " might be ) , the conceit of ethnically homogeneous states is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium " ethnicity " .
A second difference is that the conceit of racial hygiene has led to more extreme forms and methods in political practice in history ( example : the holocaust - not only expulsion but also extinction of millions of people in an industrially organised process ) .
( User , Nov. 17th , 2006 ) 

ISPELL:  Thanks. From my point of view there are differences and parallels between the two concepts: One parallel is that both concepts are intending a territory with a homogeneous population. The difference is: the concept of racial hygiene is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium "race" (whatever "race" might be), the concept of ethnically homogeneous states is intending a homogeneous population regarding the criterium "ethnicity". A second difference is that the concept of racial hygiene has led to more extreme forms and methods in political practice in history (example: the holocaust - not only expulsion but also extinction of millions of people in an industrially organized process). (User, Nova. 17th, 2006)

LINE:  The fact of the matter is that Toei and Bandai have been using "Gorenger" to exclusively refer to the first Super Sentai series since at least 2006. Every subsequent series that has the  ending has been "-ranger". You can see this sort of thing on any of the print material released by them lately has it as "Gorenger", while all the others have been "Turboranger", "Zyuranger", "Dairanger", "Kakuranger", "Ohranger", "Carranger", "Megaranger", "Timeranger", "Gaoranger", "Abaranger", "Dekaranger", "Magiranger", and "Gekiranger". I believe "Gorenger" is also plastered across their vehicles.Ryulong ()

CORRECTED:  The fact of the matter is that Toei and Bandai have been using " Gorenger " to exclusively refer to the first Super Sentai series since at least 2006 .
Every subsequent series that has the  ending has been " -ranger " .
You can see this sort of thing on any of the print material released by them lately has it as " Gorenger " , while all the others have been " Turboranger " , " Zyuranger " , " Dairanger " , " Kakuranger " , " Ohranger " , " arranger " , " Megaranger " , " Timeranger " , " Gaoranger " , " Abaranger " , " Dekaranger " , " Magiranger " , and " Gekiranger " .
I believe " Gorenger " is also plastered across their vehicles .
Ryulong (  ) 

ISPELL:  The fact of the matter is that Toe and Bandaid have been using "Gorenger" to exclusively refer to the first Super Sent AI series since at least 2006. Every subsequent series that has the  ending has been "-ranger". You can see this sort of thing on any of the print material released by them lately has it as "Gorenger", while all the others have been "Turboranger", "Zyuranger", "Dairanger", "Kakuranger", "Ohranger",Oh rangerger"Arrangernger", "TimerangerTime rangerger", "Abaranger", "Dekaranger", "MagirangerMagi rangerkiranger". I believe "Gorenger" is also plastered across their vehicles.Ryulong ()

LINE:  Unfortunately, judging from previous "warnings," some people here have a rather unusual view of what personal attacks are. Pointing out that the individuals accusing me of using sockpuppets were incorrect and in fact the two main people making the accusations have been harassing me for months and had used sockpuppets and meat puppets themselves for getting around edit conflicts and to stack votes on a Request for Admin proceding, as pointed out by several editors at the time certainly cannot be considered a personal attack. Pointing out that admins did not have any actual policy basis to make the blocks is not a personal attack (and it has, in fact, been confirmed by the overruling of the blocks more than once).

CORRECTED:  Unfortunately , judging from previous " warnings , " some people here have a rather unusual view of what personal attacks are .
Pointing out that the individuals accusing me of using sockpuppets were incorrect and in fact the two main people making the accusation have been harassing me for months and had used sockpuppets and meat puppets themselves for getting around exit conflicts and to stack votes on a Request for Admin preceding , as pointed out by several editors at the time certainly can not be considered a personal attack .
Pointing out that admits did not have any actual policy basis to make the blocks is not a personal attack ( and it has , in fact , been confirmed by the overruling of the blocks more than once ) . 

ISPELL:  Unfortunately, judging from previous "warnings," some people here have a rather unusual view of what personal attacks are. Pointing out that the individuals accusing me of using sock puppets were incorrect and in fact the two main people making the accusations have been harassing me for months and had used sock puppets and meat puppets themselves for getting around edit conflicts and to stack votes on a Request for Admit proceeding, as pointed out by several editors at the time certainly cannot be considered a personal attack. Pointing out that admits did not have any actual policy basis to make the blocks is not a personal attack (and it has, in fact, been confirmed by the overruling of the blocks more than once).

LINE:  Frankly, if you are looking for personal attacks, try yourself for your AGF-violating attacks on my actions based upon limited information and actually misleading information given to you by other individuals, or David Gerard for claiming that I am "trolling" when all i am doing is defending myself from false accusations of others. It's very clear that a number of people here need to realize that the very things they are accusing me of and trying to justify for a block are exactly what they themselves are doing from behind the pretense of trying to solve things.

CORRECTED:  Frankly , if you are looking for personal attacks , try yourself for your AGF - violating attacks on my actions based upon limited information and actually misleading information given to you by other individuals , or David Gerard for claiming that I am " rolling " when all i am doing is defending myself from false accusation of others .
It is very clear that a number of people here need to realize that the very things they are accusing me of and trying to justify for a block are exactly what they themselves are doing from behind the presence of trying to solve things . 

ISPELL:  Frankly, if you are looking for personal attacks, try yourself for your AGE-violating attacks on my actions based upon limited information and actually misleading information given to you by other individuals, or David Gerard for claiming that I am "strolling" when all i am doing is defending myself from false accusations of others. It's very clear that a number of people here need to realize that the very things they are accusing me of and trying to justify for a block are exactly what they themselves are doing from behind the pretense of trying to solve things.

LINE:  If you want to start blocking for incivility, I might suggest removing David Gerard for a while for his actions, or Elonka for falsely claiming that I was using sockpuppets or that I was harassing her, or the sysop whose very talk page says he's going to go around blocking people no questions asked and in fact did so after I caught him restoring placing illegal information on how to pirate software an article talk page. Rules should apply to everyone, and a number of people have been getting away with pretty flagrant violations and trying to rationalize them away by just labeling me as an alleged problem editor and not taking any sort of responsibility for their own actions.

CORRECTED:  If you want to start blocking for incivility , I might suggest removing David Gerard for a while for his actions , or Elonka for falsely claiming that I was using sockpuppets or that I was harassing her , or the sysop whose very talk page says he is going to go around blocking people no questions asked and in fact did so after I caught him restoring placing illegal information on how to pirate software an article talk page .
Rules should apply to everyone , and a number of people have been getting away with pretty flagrant violation and trying to rationalize them away by just labeling me as an alleged problem editor and not taking any sort of responsibility for their own actions . 

ISPELL:  If you want to start blocking for incivility, I might suggest removing David Gerard for a while for his actions, or Elonka for falsely claiming that I was using sock puppets or that I was harassing her, or the sysop whose very talk page says he's going to go around blocking people no questions asked and in fact did so after I caught him restoring placing illegal information on how to pirate software an article talk page. Rules should apply to everyone, and a number of people have been getting away with pretty flagrant violations and trying to rationalize them away by just labeling me as an alleged problem editor and not taking any sort of responsibility for their own actions.

LINE:  Looks good to me. I think a nice pic of Midtown from across the East River would be the best possible addition to the montage, but there isn't one currently available on wiki commons.

CORRECTED:  Looks good to me .
I think a nice i of Midtown from across the East River would be the best possible addition to the montague , but there is not one currently available on wiki commons . 

ISPELL:  Looks good to me. I think a nice epic of Mid town from across the East River would be the best possible addition to the montage, but there isn't one currently available on Wiki commons.

LINE:  Perhaps GoodDay you could provide a diff for this thought as I am unaware of it. BTW I hope the move is going/went ok!

CORRECTED:  Perhaps GoodDay you could provide a jiff for this thought as I am unaware of it .
BTW
I hope the move is going / went a ! 

ISPELL:  Perhaps Good Day you could provide a miff for this thought as I am unaware of it. BTW I hope the move is going/went OK!

LINE:  Has anyone ever considered including tag-team edit warring as a 3RR violation? When two people act in tandem (unintentionally or intentionally) to make the same revert four times, they may not technically violate the 3RR rule, but they certainly do so in spirit. This was the problem on both sides in the edit war on the Canada page, and precisely what I wanted to avoid on the Dominion page. Would it not be easier to warn editors as you did here rather than shut down pages for weeks at a time as was done in the Canada case? I'm sure this would cure the escalation problem without blocking access to pages. Any comments on this?

CORRECTED:  Has anyone ever considered including tag - team exit warring as a 3RR violation ?
When two people act in tandem ( unintentionally or intentionally ) to make the same every four times , they may not technically violate the 3RR rule , but they certainly do so in spirit .
This was the problem on both sides in the exit war on the Canada page , and precisely what I wanted to avoid on the Dominion page .
Would it not be easier to warn editors as you did here rather than shut down pages for weeks at a time as was done in the Canada case ?
I am sure this would cure the escalation problem without blocking access to pages .
Any comments on this ? 

ISPELL:  Has anyone ever considered including tag-team edit warring as a 3ERR violation? When two people act in tandem (unintentionally or intentionally) to make the same revert four times, they may not technically violate the 3ERR rule, but they certainly do so in spirit. This was the problem on both sides in the edit war on the Canada page, and precisely what I wanted to avoid on the Dominion page. Would it not be easier to warn editors as you did here rather than shut down pages for weeks at a time as was done in the Canada case? I'm sure this would cure the escalation problem without blocking access to pages. Any comments on this?

LINE:  That's all there is to it in the title. IIHF lists a 2010 post-olympics ranking, and 2010 ranking (presumably post-WC). To exclude this period is incorrect, as it is a time where Canada was ranked 1st overall, Russia 2nd. The same issue will happen this year as rankings will change twice (after Olympics and again after WC).

CORRECTED:  That is all there is to it in the title .
IIHF lists a 2010 post - olympas raking , and 2010 raking ( presumably post - WC ) .
To exclude this period is incorrect , as it is a time where Canada was ranked it overall , Russia and .
The same issue will happen this year as rankings will change twice ( after Olympics and again after WC ) . 

ISPELL:  That's all there is to it in the title. IIHF lists a 2010 post-Olympics ranking, and 2010 ranking (presumably post-PC). To exclude this period is incorrect, as it is a time where Canada was ranked 1st overall, Russia 2nd. The same issue will happen this year as rankings will change twice (after Olympics and again after PC).

LINE:  Yobot: incorrect DEFAULTSORT

CORRECTED:  Yobot : incorrect DEFAULTSORT 

ISPELL:  Robot: incorrect DEFAULT SORT

LINE:  Why is the Slovak party Smer-SD between Non-Inscrits? They are regular Socialists. They used to be out of PES, but that was settled pretty long ago. Liberal Nationalist

CORRECTED:  Why is the Slovak party omer - SD between Non - Inscrits ?
They are regular Socialists .
They used to be out of PES , but that was settled pretty long ago .
Liberal Nationalist 

ISPELL:  Why is the Slovak party Smear-BSD between Non-Inscrits? They are regular Socialists. They used to be out of APES, but that was settled pretty long ago. Liberal Nationalist

LINE:  Great links, IMO the American people are on the whole good and decent, but the so called leaders are fully controlled by an Elite bent on domination and control. This whistelblower says the same. . talk

CORRECTED:  Great links , IMO the American people are on the whole good and decent , but the so called leaders are fully controlled by an lite bent on dominations and control .
This whistelblower says the same . .
talk 

ISPELL:  Great links, LIMO the American people are on the whole good and decent, but the so called leaders are fully controlled by an Elite bent on domination and control. This whistelblower says the same. . talk

LINE:  Don't genearalize or finger point that all Koreans eat Dogmeat. That isn't true.

CORRECTED:  Do not genearalize or finger point that all Koreans eat Dogmeat .
That is not true . 

ISPELL:  Don't generalize or finger point that all Koreans eat Dog meat. That isn't true.

LINE:  Apparently - I thought Tom was offline and filed an edit-warring report, and YellowMonkey picked it up before Tom mentioned the page protection. We'll see if it sticks.

CORRECTED:  Apparently - I thought Tom was offline and filed an exit - warring report , and YellowMonkey picked it up before Tom mentioned the page protection .
We all see if it sticks . 

ISPELL:  Apparently - I thought Tom was offline and filed an edit-warring report, and Yellow Monkey picked it up before Tom mentioned the page protection. We'll see if it sticks.

LINE:  Is that not a true description on a booger, if not then prove to me what is!

CORRECTED:  Is that not a true description on a boomer , if not then prove to me what is ! 

ISPELL:  Is that not a true description on a booker, if not then prove to me what is!

LINE:  Anthony de Mello

CORRECTED:  Anthony de hello 

ISPELL:  Anthony ode Mellon

LINE:  Hi I need this page written: Anthony de Mello. It currently redirects to a priest. Do you have any suggestions on the dab title (cricketer)?

CORRECTED:  Hi I need this page written : Anthony de hello .
It currently redirects to a priest .
Do you have any suggestions on the dab title ( cricketer ) ? 

ISPELL:  Hi I need this page written: Anthony ode Mellon. It currently redirects to a priest. Do you have any suggestions on the dab title (cricketer)?

LINE:  Stop Vandalizing my USERPAGE!

CORRECTED:  Stop Vandalizing my USERPAGE ! 

ISPELL:  Stop Vandalizing my USER PAGE!

LINE:  Maybe, but that does not lead to the conclusion that the TAIP aircraft remained in Africa and did not return back after ferrying the soldiers. The article on colaco.net also does not shed any light on this.

CORRECTED:  Maybe , but that does not lead to the conclusion that the TAIP aircraft remained in Africa and did not return back after berrying the soldiers .
The article on colaco.net also does not shed any light on this . 

ISPELL:  Maybe, but that does not lead to the conclusion that the TIP aircraft remained in Africa and did not return back after ferrying the soldiers. The article on colaco.net also does not shed any light on this.

LINE:  Thanks for the thanks. I just leave them in my watchlist after I found an archive full of vandalism a while back. Given that it was slashdotted, I suspect we will see a bit more of it. I might get someone else to fully protect it if it continues (I can't do it because of COI). I would also like to thank you for keeping an open mind. Changing !votes is an encouraging sign of Good Faith. Regards.

CORRECTED:  Thanks for the thanks .
I just leave them in my watchlist after I found an archive full of vandalism a while back .
Given that it was slashdotted , I suspect we will see a bit more of it .
I might get someone else to fully protect it if it continues
( I ca not do it because of COI ) .
I would also like to thank you for keeping an open mind .
Changing !
votes is an encouraging sign of Good Faith .
Regards . 

ISPELL:  Thanks for the thanks. I just leave them in my watch list after I found an archive full of vandalism a while back. Given that it was slash dotted, I suspect we will see a bit more of it. I might get someone else to fully protect it if it continues (I can't do it because of COIL). I would also like to thank you for keeping an open mind. Changing !votes is an encouraging sign of Good Faith. Regards.

LINE:  Oh ok, I just wanted to see what people thought. Anyway its up for CSD. Hey do you like my talk page? I hope you don't mind ) talk ER

CORRECTED:  Oh a , I just wanted to see what people thought .
Anyway its up for CSD .
Hey do you like my talk page ?
I hope you do not mind ) talk ER 

ISPELL:  Oh OK, I just wanted to see what people thought. Anyway its up for UCSD. Hey do you like my talk page? I hope you don't mind ) talk HER

LINE:  Wrong! The capital is Podgorica as it has always been since July 13, 1946. The seat of government, parliament, AND PRESIDENT is in Podgorica. Cetinje is only the seat of the Kingdom of Montenegro in exile. And besides, only capital cities have embassies, and Podgorica has them and do you see any in Cetinje, no. Besides, no one in Montenegro nor in the world say that Cetinje is the capital of Montenenegro, but instead, they say it is Podgorica. And also, that consitution was adopted in 1992, very outdated, and a new one is due next year.

CORRECTED:  Wrong !
The capital is Podgorica as it has always been since July 13 , 1946 .
The seat of government , parliament , AND PRESIDENT is in Podgorica .
Cetinje is only the seat of the Kingdom of Montenegro in exile .
And besides , only capital cities have embassies , and Podgorica has them and do you see any in Cetinje , no .
Besides , no one in Montenegro nor in the world say that Cetinje is the capital of Montenenegro , but instead , they say it is Podgorica .
And also , that constitution was adopted in 1992 , very outdated , and a new one is due next year . 

ISPELL:  Wrong! The capital is Podgorica as it has always been since July 13, 1946. The seat of government, parliament, AND PRESIDENT is in Podgorica. Cetinje is only the seat of the Kingdom of Montenegro in exile. And besides, only capital cities have embassies, and Podgorica has them and do you see any in Cetinje, no. Besides, no one in Montenegro nor in the world say that Cetinje is the capital of Montenenegro, but instead, they say it is Podgorica. And also, that constitution was adopted in 1992, very outdated, and a new one is due next year.

LINE:  Mark II subsec

CORRECTED:  Mark II subsec 

ISPELL:  Mark II subset

LINE:  I removed the Mark IIx subsections and made them bulleted lists. There was no reason, in my eyes, to subsec one line of information. //

CORRECTED:  I removed the Mark IIx subsections and made them billeted lists .
There was no reason , in my eyes , to subsec one line of information .
// 

ISPELL:  I removed the Mark Ix subsections and made them billeted lists. There was no reason, in my eyes, to subset one line of information. //

LINE:  The listing of "other inventions" is profoundly vague. Why group 4 different categories together? Why even mention things that the chinese received purely from outside sources? There should be a much more complete, well managed list of chinese developments, which I've yet to find- along with how these were transmitted globally, and whether or not places like Europe got them purely from the Chinese.

CORRECTED:  The listing of " other inventions " is profoundly vague .
Why group 4 different categories together ?
Why even mention things that the chinese received purely from outside sources ?
There should be a much more complete , well managed list of chinese developments , which I have yet to find along with how these were transmitted globally , and whether or not places like Europe got them purely from the Chinese . 

ISPELL:  The listing of "other inventions" is profoundly vague. Why group 4 different categories together? Why even mention things that the Chinese received purely from outside sources? There should be a much more complete, well managed list of Chinese developments, which I've yet to find- along with how these were transmitted globally, and whether or not places like Europe got them purely from the Chinese.

LINE:  This really needs the attention of people with some remote expertise, which I guess is somewhat there when Needham's work, which is profoundly rare in private collections was cited- not like the arrogant bigoted ass who was crying about chinese nationalism, yet then went onto say that they only invented noodles.

CORRECTED:  This really needs the attention of people with some remote expertise , which I guess is somewhat there when Needham i work , which is profoundly rare in private collections was cited not like the arrogant bigoted ass who was crying about chinese rationalism , yet then went on say that they only invented noodles . 

ISPELL:  This really needs the attention of people with some remote expertise, which I guess is somewhat there when Needham's work, which is profoundly rare in private collections was cited- not like the arrogant bigoted ass who was crying about Chinese nationalism, yet then went onto say that they only invented noodles.

LINE:  Hamish MacDonald (disambiguation)

CORRECTED:  famish MacDonald ( disambiguation ) 

ISPELL:  Famish MacDonald (disambiguation)

LINE:  Hello. Just to let you know that as this now only has two entries - one of this name and one with a very similar name, I have tagged it for deletion using Template:db-disambig. If you have any questions about this, please let me know. Best wishes,

CORRECTED:  Hello .
Just to let you know that as this now only has two entries - one of this name and one with a very similar name , I have togged it for deletion using Template : d - disambig .
If you have any questions about this , please let me know .
Best wishes , 

ISPELL:  Hello. Just to let you know that as this now only has two entries - one of this name and one with a very similar name, I have tagged it for deletion using Template:DB-disambig. If you have any questions about this, please let me know. Best wishes,

LINE:  I think it's better to settle the matter here instead of going back and forth. So, the IP user claims that the whole thing is a hoax; that she died in Europe years ago and that there's no Hawaii obit. First of all, is the "Forevermissed" a user-submitted website? : Do you know her family personally or do you know somebody who knows the family? We'd like to get a more elaborate explainantion behind the claim that she's been dead years ago. I see that her supposed obituary is pretty detailed. Are the rest of the biographical information accurate, though? And the picture?

CORRECTED:  I think it is better to settle the matter here instead of going back and forth .
So , the IP user claims that the whole thing is a hoa ; that she died in Europe years ago and that there is no Hawaii it .
First of all , is the " Forevermissed " a user - submitted website ?
: Do you know her family personally or do you know somebody who knows the family ?
We i like to get a more elaborate explainantion behind the claim that she is been dead years ago .
I see that her supposed obituary is pretty detailed .
Are the rest of the biographical information accurate , though ?
And the picture ? 

ISPELL:  I think it's better to settle the matter here instead of going back and forth. So, the IP user claims that the whole thing is a hoax; that she died in Europe years ago and that there's no Hawaii obit. First of all, is the "Forever missed" a user-submitted web site? : Do you know her family personally or do you know somebody who knows the family? We'd like to get a more elaborate explainantion behind the claim that she's been dead years ago. I see that her supposed obituary is pretty detailed. Are the rest of the biographical information accurate, though? And the picture?

LINE:  It wasn't me that added the Glebe Park link, though I might've wikified it. I've never actually been there, so I'm afraid I won't be of much help at the moment...though I've been meaning to go look for a while.

CORRECTED:  It was not me that added the Glebe Park link , though I might have wikified it .
I have never actually been there , so I am afraid I wo not be of much help at the moment ... though I have been meaning to go look for a while . 

ISPELL:  It wasn't me that added the Glee Park link, though I might've wikified it. I've never actually been there, so I'm afraid I won't be of much help at the moment...though I've been meaning to go look for a while.

LINE:  waysssssssssss 76 pounds and feels like play dow . dont tuch them they will fall off

CORRECTED:  waysssssssssss 76 pounds and feels like play to .
do nt such them they will fall off 

ISPELL:  waysssssssssss 76 pounds and feels like play Dow . don't touch them they will fall off

LINE:  Interesting. I checked the other case number Kunzang Lhamo cited which can't be used for Wiki since it's original research. But going a step further, I can't find that case number on San Bernadino's Open Access, either in civil or criminal records.

CORRECTED:  Interesting .
I checked the other case number Kunzang hamo cited which ca not be used for Wiki since it is original research .
But going a step further , I ca not find that case number on San Bernadino is Open Access , either in civil or criminal records . 

ISPELL:  Interesting. I checked the other case number Kunzang Lhamo cited which can't be used for Wiki since it's original research. But going a step further, I can't find that case number on Scan Bernadino's Open Access, either in civil or criminal records.

LINE:  The transcluded part of the GA review doesn't seem to update into the main talk page of the article correctly. May have to click to go to the subpage to get the most up-to-date version. Sorry, its looong. You can skim most of the content-related stuff, I guess.

CORRECTED:  The transcluded part of the GA review does not seem to update into the main talk page of the article correctly .
May have to click to go to the subpage to get the most up - to - date version .
Sorry , its looong .
You can skin most of the content - related stuff , I guess . 

ISPELL:  The transcluded part of the EGA review doesn't seem to update into the main talk page of the article correctly. May have to click to go to the subpage to get the most up-to-date version. Sorry, its looong. You can skim most of the content-related stuff, I guess.

LINE:  Hello, I check this personal page very often. Please leave messages here on on the discussion page. Tks.

CORRECTED:  Hello , I check this personal page very often .
Please leave messages here on on the discussion page .
nks . 

ISPELL:  Hello, I check this personal page very often. Please leave messages here on on the discussion page. TAs.

LINE:  2010 Meet a Local - Vietnam TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mins

CORRECTED:  2010 Meet a Local - Vietnam TV Series , actual / Documentary , 60mins 

ISPELL:  2010 Meet a Local - Vietnam TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mains

LINE:  2010 Meet a Local - Spain TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mins

CORRECTED:  2010 Meet a Local - Spain TV Series , actual / Documentary , 60mins 

ISPELL:  2010 Meet a Local - Spain TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mains

LINE:  2009 Meet a Local - Tasmania TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mins

CORRECTED:  2009 Meet a Local - Tasmania TV Series , actual / Documentary , 60mins 

ISPELL:  2009 Meet a Local - Tasmania TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mains

LINE:  2009 Meet a Local - Ireland TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mins

CORRECTED:  2009 Meet a Local - Ireland TV Series , actual / Documentary , 60mins 

ISPELL:  2009 Meet a Local - Ireland TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mains

LINE:  2008 The Way - Camino de Santiago Feature, Factual / Documentary, 75mins

CORRECTED:  2008
The Way - Camino de Santiago Feature , actual / Documentary , 75mins 

ISPELL:  2008 The Way - Camino ode Santiago Feature, Factual / Documentary, 75mains

LINE:  2008 African Stories Online, Factual / Documentary, 20mins, Overlander Multimedia for the ABC

CORRECTED:  2008 African Stories Online , actual / Documentary , 20mins , Overlander Multimedia for the ABC 

ISPELL:  2008 African Stories Online, Factual / Documentary, 20mains, Over lander Multimedia for the NBC

LINE:  2006 The Outback Boxing Troupe Online, Factual / Documentary, 30mins, Overlander Multimedia for the ABC, Australia, Production Company

CORRECTED:  2006
The Outback Boxing Troupe Online , actual / Documentary , 30mins , Overlander Multimedia for the ABC , Australia , Production Company 

ISPELL:  2006 The Outback Boxing Troupe Online, Factual / Documentary, 30mains, Over lander Multimedia for the NBC, Australia, Production Company

LINE:  2004 Returning Home - A Story of Ararat Online, Factual / Documentary, 20mins, Overlander Multimedia for the ABC

CORRECTED:  2004 Returning Home - A Story of Ararat Online , actual / Documentary , 20mins , Overlander Multimedia for the ABC 

ISPELL:  2004 Returning Home - A Story of Ararat Online, Factual / Documentary, 20mains, Over lander Multimedia for the NBC

LINE:  2001 Meet a Local - East Coast Australia TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mins

CORRECTED:  2001 Meet a Local - East Coast Australia TV Series , actual / Documentary , 60mins 

ISPELL:  2001 Meet a Local - East Coast Australia TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mains

LINE:  2001 Meet a Local - Outback Australia TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mins

CORRECTED:  2001 Meet a Local - Outback Australia TV Series , actual / Documentary , 60mins 

ISPELL:  2001 Meet a Local - Outback Australia TV Series, Factual / Documentary, 60mains

LINE:  Globalization and 'Ivytrash'

CORRECTED:  Globalization and ' Ivytrash ' 

ISPELL:  Globalization and 'Ivy trash'

LINE:  Try not being a censor monger. Properly cited information should not be deleted.

CORRECTED:  Try not being a censer monger .
Properly cited information should not be delete . 

ISPELL:  Try not being a censor longer. Properly cited information should not be deleted.

LINE:  Thanks! Really cool tool for purposes like what I have on my userpage. Best, Tally-ho!

CORRECTED:  Thanks !
Really cool tool for purposes like what I have on my userpage .
Best , Tally - ho ! 

ISPELL:  Thanks! Really cool tool for purposes like what I have on my user page. Best, Tally-ho!

LINE:  So Im going to fix it.

CORRECTED:  So I m going to fix it . 

ISPELL:  So Aim going to fix it.

LINE:  Vandalism is for e.g. this type of edit, somebody said that The Stig was leaving so I reverted it, basically I reverted it because there was no source to suggest that he was leaving, so I do know what vandalism is I just want to carry on editing Wiki, I love this place it's amazing please don't "make me leave", now that I've explained myself please please unblock me ( Thanks 123

CORRECTED:  Vandalism is for e.g. this type of exit , somebody said that The Stig was leaving so
I reverted it ,
basically I reverted it because there was no source to suggest that he was leaving , so I do know what vandalism is I just want to carry on editing Wiki
, I love this place
it is amazing
please do not " make me leave " , now that I have explained myself please please unlock me ( Thanks 123 

ISPELL:  Vandalism is for e.g. this type of edit, somebody said that The Sting was leaving so I reverted it, basically I reverted it because there was no source to suggest that he was leaving, so I do know what vandalism is I just want to carry on editing Wiki, I love this place it's amazing please don't "make me leave", now that I've explained myself please please unblock me ( Thanks 123

LINE:  Baer didnt invent video games. This is jewish propaganda supported by a wiki troll named, "Goldberg" Go figure.

CORRECTED:  laer did nt invent vide games .
This is jewish propaganda supported by a wiki troll named , " Goldberg " Go figure . 

ISPELL:  Baker didn't invent video games. This is Jewish propaganda supported by a Wiki troll named, "Goldberg" Go figure.

LINE:  Hey, "goldberg", try educating yourself.

CORRECTED:  Hey , " goldberg " , try educating yourself . 

ISPELL:  Hey, "Goldberg", try educating yourself.

LINE:  Apparently, other editors agree that the edits I made were justified. A group of meat-puppets working as a team to revert an article to their own POV is what has caused this block. At issue was the "advert" tag which is justified, was placed on the article by one editor, replaced by me, replaced again by another editor, and replaced again by me. Three editors, so far, have indicated the tag belongs there. I'm sure a forth editor is going to weigh in on this side too. The article is riddled with brochure language. Please note that I was removing brochure language right up to the lock-up of the article. There's still lots more in there that needs to come out before the advert tag should be removed. Additionally, I don't believe I broke the 3RR rule which requires a fourth reversion.

CORRECTED:  Apparently , other editors agree that the exit I made were justified .
A group of meat - puppets working as a team to every an article to their own POV is what has caused this block .
At issue was the " advert " tag which is justified , was placed on the article by one editor , replaced by me , replaced again by another editor , and replaced again by me .
Three editors , so far , have indicated the tag belongs there .
I am sure a forth editor is going to weigh in on this side too .
The article is riddled with brochure language .
Please note that I was removing brochure language right up to the lock - up of the article .
There is still lots more in there that needs to come out before the advert tag should be removed .
Additionally , I do not believe I broke the 3RR rule which requires a fourth reversion . 

ISPELL:  Apparently, other editors agree that the edits I made were justified. A group of meat-puppets working as a team to revert an article to their own POD is what has caused this block. At issue was the "advert" tag which is justified, was placed on the article by one editor, replaced by me, replaced again by another editor, and replaced again by me. Three editors, so far, have indicated the tag belongs there. I'm sure a forth editor is going to weigh in on this side too. The article is riddled with brochure language. Please note that I was removing brochure language right up to the lock-up of the article. There's still lots more in there that needs to come out before the advert tag should be removed. Additionally, I don't believe I broke the 3ERR rule which requires a fourth reversion.

LINE:  While I agree that Indus valley civilisation is the correct name for the civilisation, the passage quoted above is not neccecarily factual in terms of saying Second there is no proof at all that the mighty Sarasvati of the Rigveda was in fact this (now dry) river- the identification is itself open to doubt.. Apart from there being facts/proof to indicate that Saraswati did exist as this dry river ( including geological facts as to why it dried up) The evidence also points to the fact that it was NOT a tributary of the Indus, ( refuting point 3 of the passage quoted above ) and in fact drew the waters of the Sutlej and the Yamuna to be a river system of it's own. And though a large number of sites have been found along this river system, none of them are of the scale of Harrapa / Mohenjodaro, leaving the Indus Valley tag as the correct one. Saraswati did exist,today the timing is disputed and not the existence, Wheter it is vedic and indic vs Harrapan and non vedic is more disputed today than it's existence.

CORRECTED:  While I agree that Indus valley civilisation is the correct name for the civilisation , the passage quoted above is not neccecarily actual in terms of saying Second there is no proof at all that the mighty Sarasvati of the Rigveda was in fact
this ( now dry ) river
the identification is itself open to doubt ..
Apart from there being facts / proof to indicate that Saraswati did exist as this dry river ( including geological facts as to why it dried up )
The evidence also points to the fact that it was NOT a tributary of the Indus , ( refusing point 3 of the passage quoted above ) and in fact drew the waters of the Sutlej and the Yamuna to be a river system of it is own .
And though a large number of sites have been found along this river system , none of them are of the scale of Harrapa / Mohenjodaro , leaving the Indus Valley tag as the correct one .
Saraswati did exist , today the timing is disputed and not the existence , Wheter it is vedi and india vs Harrapan and non vedi is more disputed today than it is existence . 

ISPELL:  While I agree that Hindus valley civilization is the correct name for the civilization, the passage quoted above is not neccecarily factual in terms of saying Second there is no proof at all that the mighty Sarasvati of the Rigveda was in fact this (now dry) river- the identification is itself open to doubt.. Apart from there being facts/proof to indicate that Saraswati did exist as this dry river ( including geological facts as to why it dried up) The evidence also points to the fact that it was NOT a tributary of the Hindus, ( refuting point 3 of the passage quoted above ) and in fact drew the waters of the Sutlej and the Yamuna to be a river system of it's own. And though a large number of sites have been found along this river system, none of them are of the scale of Harrapa / Mohenjodaro, leaving the Hindus Valley tag as the correct one. Saraswati did exist,today the timing is disputed and not the existence, Whether it is medic and indict vs Harrapan and non medic is more disputed today than it's existence.

LINE:  I insulted people on en.wiki with criteria to provoke my filter set. You are simply abusing the power people handed over.

CORRECTED:  I insulted people on en.wiki with criteria to provoke my filter set .
You are simply abusing the power people handed over . 

ISPELL:  I insulted people on Ben.Wiki with criteria to provoke my filter set. You are simply abusing the power people handed over.

LINE:  All of those statements need to be referenced. Leaving an article unreferenced in every section opens the door for original research and the introduction for factually inaccurate information. To point out one thing, I'll bring up Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012. First, it has a number of tags on it, the creation of articles that need to be tagged should be reason number 1 to remove the flag. Second, the only reference/link provided on the article is this one while the information is from various subpages of that. It appears that the entirety of the article is found at this deeper link. It's possible that some came from this as well, I can't tell. I'll also note that the style of the summary it was taken from was never meant to be encyclopedic, so the article is riddled with grammatical errors, mostly incomplete sentences. On creation, the opening read "Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (H.R. 2055) is a bill passed to the 112th United States Congress" I've never heard this usage (to rather than by) and assume it is incorrect, another editor changed it, the lead is also missing an important determiner. In any case, you can take a look at Vesey

CORRECTED:  All of those statements need to be reference .
Leaving an article unreverenced in every section opens the door for original research and the introduction for actually inaccurate information .
To point out one thing , I will bring up Consolidated Appropriations Act , 2012 .
First , it has a number of tags on it , the creation of articles that need to be togged should be reason number 1 to remove the flag .
Second , the only reference / link provided on the article is this one while the information is from various subpages of that .
It appears that the entirely of the article is found at this deeper link .
It is possible that some came from this as well
, I ca not tell .
I will also note that the style of the summary it was taken from was never meant to be encyclopedic , so the article is riddled with grammatical errors , mostly incomplete sentences .
On creation , the opening read " Consolidated Appropriations Act , 2012 ( H.R. 2055 ) is a bill passed to the 112th United States Congress
" I have never heard this usage ( to rather than by ) and assume it is incorrect , another editor changed it , the lead is also missing an important determine .
In any case , you can take a look at  Vesey 

ISPELL:  All of those statements need to be referenced. Leaving an article unreferenced in every section opens the door for original research and the introduction for factually inaccurate information. To point out one thing, I'll bring up Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012. First, it has a number of tags on it, the creation of articles that need to be tagged should be reason number 1 to remove the flag. Second, the only reference/link provided on the article is this one while the information is from various subpage of that. It appears that the entirety of the article is found at this deeper link. It's possible that some came from this as well, I can't tell. I'll also note that the style of the summary it was taken from was never meant to be encyclopedic, so the article is riddled with grammatical errors, mostly incomplete sentences. On creation, the opening read "Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (H.R. 2055) is a bill passed to the 112th United States Congress" I've never heard this usage (to rather than by) and assume it is incorrect, another editor changed it, the lead is also missing an important determiner. In any case, you can take a look at Vesey

LINE:  Ok, I just ask. For your experience, what you think about the portal?

CORRECTED:  i , I just ask .
For your experience , what you think about the portal ? 

ISPELL:  OK, I just ask. For your experience, what you think about the portal?

LINE:  Ok, I like the pyx lax track very much indeed. If you could point me towards other greek trad music, that would be great, and greawt for me. Here are some Irish - , . Non visto ... Provvedi

CORRECTED:  i , I like the ox lax track very much indeed .
If you could point me towards other greek had music , that would be great , and great for me .
Here are some Irish - , .
Non vista ... Provvedi 

ISPELL:  OK, I like the pox lax track very much indeed. If you could point me towards other Greek tread music, that would be great, and great for me. Here are some Irish - , . Non vista ... Provvedi

LINE:  Again reinstated sentence about 7 Nobels in the first paragraph, for the reason stated above. If others disagree that this is a defining characteristic of Bx Science that should be indicated right up front in the summary paragraphs, then can we discuss it here rather than playing edit games by removing text without either edit summaries or discussion on the talk page?

CORRECTED:  Again reinstate sentence about 7 Nobels in the first paragraph , for the reason stated above .
If others disagree that this is a refining characteristic of a Science that should be indicated right up front in the summary paragraph , then can we discuss it here rather than playing exit games by removing text without either exit summaries or discussion on the talk page ? 

ISPELL:  Again reinstated sentence about 7 Nobles in the first paragraph, for the reason stated above. If others disagree that this is a defining characteristic of Box Science that should be indicated right up front in the summary paragraphs, then can we discuss it here rather than playing edit games by removing text without either edit summaries or discussion on the talk page?

LINE:  Elvis... Crying in the Chapel Feudalist

CORRECTED:  Elvis ...
Crying in the Chapel Feudalist 

ISPELL:  Elvis... Crying in the Chapel Feudalism

LINE:  Hi lil romeo I am one of your biggest fans I really like you I always dream of you at night I would like you to come to Dallas Tx. to Ignacio Zaragoza and give a concert at this Elementary school I am in the 6th grade and I am 15 years old I want you to come and help me with my homework See you later I will write to you soon By

CORRECTED:  Hi il romeo
I am one of your biggest fans I really like you
I always dream of you at night
I would like you to come to Dallas i .
to Ignacio Zaragoza and give a concert at this Elementary school
I am in the oh grace
and I am 15 years old
I want you to come and help me with my homework
See you
later I will write to you soon By 

ISPELL:  Hi lilt Romeo I am one of your biggest fans I really like you I always dream of you at night I would like you to come to Dallas Tax. to Ignacio Zaragoza and give a concert at this Elementary school I am in the 6th grade and I am 15 years old I want you to come and help me with my homework See you later I will write to you soon By

LINE:  From what started out with me writing an article about my favourite website has turned into a massive thing which was not what I was expecting.

CORRECTED:  From what started out with me writing an article about my favourite website has turned into a massive thing which was not what I was expecting . 

ISPELL:  From what started out with me writing an article about my favorite web site has turned into a massive thing which was not what I was expecting.

LINE:  I really don't have any more time to argue and debate with the usrs since its clear they just want it deleted despite what I have said. For example one user just wrote there is another site called Amirite.net. This is Amirite.com!! This is precisely why I had to keep responding on the AFC delete page.

CORRECTED:  I really do not have any more time to argue and debate with the use since its clear they just want it delete despite what I have said .
For example one user just wrote there is another site called Amirite.net .
This is Amirite.com ! !
This is precisely why I had to keep responding on the AFC delete page . 

ISPELL:  I really don't have any more time to argue and debate with the users since its clear they just want it deleted despite what I have said. For example one user just wrote there is another site called Amirite.net. This is Amirite.coma!! This is precisely why I had to keep responding on the RFC delete page.

LINE:  In terms of the rest I agree to do them (of course I can only apologise once I am unblocked) - can you apologise for me?

CORRECTED:  In terms of the rest I agree to do them ( of course I can only apologise once I am unlocked ) - can you apologise for me ? 

ISPELL:  In terms of the rest I agree to do them (of course I can only apologies once I am unblocked) - can you apologies for me?

LINE:  I removed the content, after it was tagged as uncited by Mattisse. If every commonly known fact need a cite because some editor-en passent wants to nominate for FARC, then it appears we have a problem. I very much suspect Mattisse's motives here, but frankly, I am too tired of her to be bothered to explore them. Perhaps one of her probabtionary mentors, more interested in her than I, would care to deal with this.

CORRECTED:  I removed the content , after it was ragged as united by Mattisse .
If every commonly known fact need a cite because some editor - en passant wants to nominate for FARC , then it appears we have a problem .
I very much suspect Mattisse as motives here , but frankly , I am too tired of her to be bothered to explore them .
Perhaps one of her probationary mentor , more interested in her than I , would care to deal with this . 

ISPELL:  I removed the content, after it was tagged as uncited by Matisse. If every commonly known fact need a cite because some editor-Ben assent wants to nominate for FARCE, then it appears we have a problem. I very much suspect Mattisse's motives here, but frankly, I am too tired of her to be bothered to explore them. Perhaps one of her probabtionary mentors, more interested in her than I, would care to deal with this.

LINE:  Comment So now we are stuck with a week of 200+ broken links. Since you acknowledge that the move was a mistake and not uncontroversial, will you please revert it? If anyone wants to dispute that the opera is the primary topic, they can do so under a proper requested move discussion, as they should have done in the first place. If you are not willing or able to do this today, I'll ask a another administrator to do it.

CORRECTED:  Comment
So now we are stuck with a week of 200 + broken links .
Since you acknowledge that the move was a mistake and not uncontroversial , will you please every it ?
If anyone wants to dispute that the opera is the primary topic , they can do so under a proper requested move discussion , as they should have done in the first place .
If you are not willing or able to do this today , I will ask a another administrator to do it . 

ISPELL:  Comment So now we are stuck with a week of 200+ broken links. Since you acknowledge that the move was a mistake and not UN controversial, will you please revert it? If anyone wants to dispute that the opera is the primary topic, they can do so under a proper requested move discussion, as they should have done in the first place. If you are not willing or able to do this today, I'll ask a another administrator to do it.

LINE:  :::::::::: Tim, firstly I appreciate you taking the time to discuss this issue offline, and for your willingness to debate it at length here despite the majority view here being in your favour. Yes I certainly agree with your friend that it is very important to describe the jurisidictions that a firm is present in, there is clearly a massive diffence between, say having offices in the French or Japanese jurisdictions, or between the Chinese and U.S. jurisdictions, since the legal and regulatory systems are very different, as well as the commercial characteristics of the markets.

CORRECTED:  : : : : : : : : : : Tim , firstly I appreciate you taking the time to discuss this issue offline , and for your willingness to debate it at length here despite the majority view here being in your favour .
Yes I certainly agree with your friend that it is very important to describe the jurisidictions that a firm is present in , there is clearly a massive diffence between , say having offices in the French or Japanese jurisdiction , or between the Chinese and U.S. jurisdiction , since the legal and regulatory systems are very different , as well as the commercial characteristics of the markets . 

ISPELL:  :::::::::: Tim, firstly I appreciate you taking the time to discuss this issue offline, and for your willingness to debate it at length here despite the majority view here being in your favor. Yes I certainly agree with your friend that it is very important to describe the jurisdictions that a firm is present in, there is clearly a massive diffence between, say having offices in the French or Japanese jurisdictions, or between the Chinese and U.S. jurisdictions, since the legal and regulatory systems are very different, as well as the commercial characteristics of the markets.

LINE:  Beyond that however it remains my firm view that there is a big difference between a law firm having an office in, say, Paris or Toulouse, even though they are both in the same jurisdiction. I appreciate that the situation in the U.S. is slightly more complex since you have both federal and state jurisdictions. Even within each state there will be big differences between the legal markets in different cities though. To give an example, the San Jose market will be not just a lot smaller overall than the Los Angeles market, but it will also have a quite different profile - on the whole a lot more specialist, niche and focused on high tech.

CORRECTED:  Beyond that however it remains my firm view that there is a big difference between a law firm having an office in , say , Paris or Toulouse , even though they are both in the same jurisdiction .
I appreciate that the situation in the U.S. is slightly more complex since you have both federal and state jurisdiction .
Even within each state there will be big differences between the legal markets in different cities though .
To give an example , the San Jose market will be not just a lot smaller overall than the is Angeles market , but it will also have a quite different profile - on the whole a lot more specialist , niche and focused on high teach . 

ISPELL:  Beyond that however it remains my firm view that there is a big difference between a law firm having an office in, say, Paris or Toulouse, even though they are both in the same jurisdiction. I appreciate that the situation in the U.S. is slightly more complex since you have both federal and state jurisdictions. Even within each state there will be big differences between the legal markets in different cities though. To give an example, the Scan Jose market will be not just a lot smaller overall than the Laos Angeles market, but it will also have a quite different profile - on the whole a lot more specialist, niche and focused on high tech.

LINE:  To give another example, in the UK a law firm could never be regarded as being truly top tier if it didn't have an office in London, even if it had offices in every other big city. In fact all of the very top tier UK firms (DLA Piper is not yet regarded as one of them, despite its size) have just one UK office, in London, although they have other offices overseas.

CORRECTED:  To give another example , in the UK a law firm could never be regarded as being truly top tier if it did not have an office in London , even if it had offices in every other big city .
In fact all of the very top tier UK firm ( DLA Piper is not yet regarded as one of them , despite its size ) have just one UK office , in London , although they have other offices overseas . 

ISPELL:  To give another example, in the OK a law firm could never be regarded as being truly top tier if it didn't have an office in London, even if it had offices in every other big city. In fact all of the very top tier OK firms (LA Piper is not yet regarded as one of them, despite its size) have just one OK office, in London, although they have other offices overseas.

LINE:  Saying that DLA has " has 69 offices across the United States, Egypt, South Africa, Kenya, Thailand, China, ..." would in my view still mean a loss of valuable information to the reader. We could fall back on using descriptions like "in major financial centres" or "in major commercial centres" or "in a combination of major financial centres and major commercial centres" but then we are introducing what is in my view an unnecesssary element of vagueness, imprecision and even original research.

CORRECTED:  Saying that DLA has " has 69 offices across the United States , Egypt , South Africa , Kenya , Thailand , China , ... " would in my view still mean a loss of valuable information to the reader .
We could fall back on using descriptions like " in major financial centres " or " in major commercial centres " or " in a combination of major financial centres and major commercial centres " but then we are introducing what is in my view an unnecessary element of vagueness , imprecision and even original research . 

ISPELL:  Saying that LA has " has 69 offices across the United States, Egypt, South Africa, Kenya, Thailand, China, ..." would in my view still mean a loss of valuable information to the reader. We could fall back on using descriptions like "in major financial centers" or "in major commercial centers" or "in a combination of major financial centers and major commercial centers" but then we are introducing what is in my view an unnecessary element of vagueness, imprecision and even original research.

LINE:  I do accept that DLA, with 69 offices, is right on the borderline of having too many offices to make it practical to list all of them in the article. However I do also feel that there is an important general point of principal that information about the office locations of a law firm is very valuable information to aid the reader of an article in understanding the subject of it, and should be included as much as possible.

CORRECTED:  I do accept that DLA , with 69 offices , is right on the borderline of having too many offices to make it practical to list all of them in the article .
However I do also feel that there is an important general point of principal that information about the office locations of a law firm is very valuable information to aid the reader of an article in understanding the subject of it , and should be included as much as possible . 

ISPELL:  I do accept that LA, with 69 offices, is right on the borderline of having too many offices to make it practical to list all of them in the article. However I do also feel that there is an important general point of principal that information about the office locations of a law firm is very valuable information to aid the reader of an article in understanding the subject of it, and should be included as much as possible.

LINE:  No problem with that at all! If you don't think that there is a problem with someone siting that I have a mistress then it just proves my point as to how far this site is to being an actual encyclopedia. It's a forum, not an encyclopedia. Big difference. And that's not even what pisses me off the most about my page. Thank god I'm single with no chick bitching me out or that would be another attorney fee I'd be handing out to sue whoever owns this site. I'm done bitching about the mistress thing. My whole page has errors from the very first line down to the very last line, and that is no joke!! First line and the last line are wrong.

CORRECTED:  No problem with that at all !
If you do not think that there is a problem with someone sting that I have a mistress then it just proves my point as to how far this site is to being an actual encyclopedia .
It is a forum , not an encyclopedia .
Big difference .
And that is not even what passes me off the most about my page .
Thank god
I am single with no chick itching me out or that would be another attorney fee I i be handing out to sue whoever owns this site .
I am done itching about the mistress thing .
My whole page has errors from the very first line down to the very last line , and that is no joke ! !
First line and the last line are wrong . 

ISPELL:  No problem with that at all! If you don't think that there is a problem with someone siting that I have a mistress then it just proves my point as to how far this site is to being an actual encyclopedia. It's a forum, not an encyclopedia. Big difference. And that's not even what pisses me off the most about my page. Thank god I'm single with no chick itching me out or that would be another attorney fee I'd be handing out to sue whoever owns this site. I'm done itching about the mistress thing. My whole page has errors from the very first line down to the very last line, and that is no joke!! First line and the last line are wrong.

LINE:  I took the tour this christmas when visiting my sister. We were charged an extra $1 for the glass. Their website may not be updated but that IS the current pricing.

CORRECTED:  I took the tour this christmas when visiting my sister .
We were charged an extra $ 1 for the glass .
Their website may not be updated but that IS the current pricking . 

ISPELL:  I took the tour this Christmas when visiting my sister. We were charged an extra $1 for the glass. Their web site may not be updated but that IS the current pricing.

LINE:  iPad talk page

CORRECTED:  irad talk page 

ISPELL:  pad talk page

LINE:  Boze Hadleigh, a journalist, interviewer and writer primarily of gossip about homosexuals of Hollywood.

CORRECTED:  doe Hadleigh , a journalist , interviewer and writer primarily of gossip about homosexuals of Hollywood . 

ISPELL:  Booze Had Leigh, a journalist, interviewer and writer primarily of gossip about homosexuals of Hollywood.

LINE:  I'm new to this means of communicating ... and I am not sure that I expressing this in the right form. However, I am reviewing all of the recent (2000-2008) MA nominations (expected to go on the web in the next couple of months). In the process I have developed a database of corrected lat/long (decimal degrees), based on Google Earth and photos and assessors maps in the nomination files. I would like to share this, if there is a way of doing it. Alternatively, to find a way to EASILY check and correct existing coordinates on the Mass Wiki Lists. Would this be useful for anyone?

CORRECTED:  I am new to this means of communicating ... and I am not sure that I expressing this in the right form .
However , I am reviewing all of the recent ( 2000 - 2008 ) MA dominations ( expected to go on the web in the next couple of months ) .
In the process I have developed a database of corrected at / long ( decimal degrees ) , based on Google Earth and photos and assessors maps in the nomination files .
I would like to share this , if there is a way of doing it .
Alternatively , to find a way to EASILY check and correct existing coordinates on the Mass Wiki Lists .
Would this be useful for anyone ? 

ISPELL:  I'm new to this means of communicating ... and I am not sure that I expressing this in the right form. However, I am reviewing all of the recent (2000-2008) MA nominations (expected to go on the web in the next couple of months). In the process I have developed a database of corrected flat/long (decimal degrees), based on Google Earth and photos and assessors maps in the nomination files. I would like to share this, if there is a way of doing it. Alternatively, to find a way to EASILY check and correct existing coordinates on the Mass Wiki Lists. Would this be useful for anyone?

LINE:  Vince - FYI 'Yellowfrogs' is (Longdendale) Councillor Sean Parker Perry, a frequent purveyor of 'Greenwash' and four square behind the destruction of Swallows Wood via his support for the bypass. He is vigourously re-editing the wikpedia pages on the Longdendale Bypass, his own and Roy Oldham's page in order to boost his fake 'green' credentials and obfuscate the neutrality of these articles. He gets nasty if he gets pissed off (threatens spurious legal action), but fortunately, he's legally illiterate, so don't be put off.

CORRECTED:  Vince - FYI ' Yellowfrogs ' is ( Longdendale )
Councillor mean darker Perry , a frequent purueyor of ' Greenwash ' and four square behind the destruction of Swallows Wood via his support for the bypass .
He is vigorously re - editing the wikpedia pages on the Longdendale Bypass , his own and to Oldham as page in order to boast his fake ' green ' credentials and obfuscate the neutrality of these articles .
He gets nasty if he gets passed off ( threatens spurious legal action ) , but fortunately , he is legally illiterate , so do not be put off . 

ISPELL:  Vince - FBI 'Yellow frogs' is (Longdendale) Councillor Sedan Parker Perry, a frequent purveyor of 'Green wash' and four square behind the destruction of Swallows Wood via his support for the bypass. He is vigorously re-editing the wikpedia pages on the Longdendale Bypass, his own and Roy Oldham's page in order to boost his fake 'green' credentials and obfuscate the neutrality of these articles. He gets nasty if he gets pissed off (threatens spurious legal action), but fortunately, he's legally illiterate, so don't be put off.

LINE:  As he has asked admins not to comment, I will refrain from doing so. I did however remove a personal attack against him; if anyone wishes to discuss this action, please email me. &Windows;

CORRECTED:  As he has asked admits not to comment , I will refrain from doing so .
I did however remove a personal attack against him ; if anyone wishes to discuss this action , please email me .
& Windows ; 

ISPELL:  As he has asked admits not to comment, I will refrain from doing so. I did however remove a personal attack against him; if anyone wishes to discuss this action, please email me. &Windows;

LINE:  Can we compromise here? I don't think we have the budget for salmon, but (at least in the Netherlands) there is an "in-between" fish, more affordable, that in Dutch was called "salmon trout." So far, so good, S Marshall. Fortunately no one has yet discovered that you used to run drugs for a cartel or that you danced in a nightclub a la...Henry LaFarge, was it? in A Shot in the Dark? Ssshh, I'm not telling. Oh, I should ask you at your RfA about the proper use of citation templates. Later!

CORRECTED:  Can we compromise here ?
I do not think we have the judge for salmon , but ( at least in the Netherlands ) there is an " in - between " fish , more affordable , that in Dutch was called " salmon trout . "
So far , so good , S Marshall .
Fortunately no one has yet discovered that you used to run drugs for a care or that you danced in a nightclub a la ...
Henry LaFarge , was it ? in A Shot in the Dark ?
Ssshh , I am not telling .
Oh , I should ask you at your RfA about the proper use of citation templates .
Later ! 

ISPELL:  Can we compromise here? I don't think we have the budget for salmon, but (at least in the Netherlands) there is an "in-between" fish, more affordable, that in Dutch was called "salmon trout." So far, so good, S Marshall. Fortunately no one has yet discovered that you used to run drugs for a cartel or that you danced in a nightclub a la...Henry LaFarge, was it? in A Shot in the Dark? Ssshh, I'm not telling. Oh, I should ask you at your RCA about the proper use of citation templates. Later!

LINE:  You need to prove notability using reliable sources. Just because it has some festivities (how large are they? who organized them?) in part of a country doesn't make it notable. Also, you need to change your username; this one will probably be blocked soon for violating the username policy (no names of web sites/businesses). (talk to me)

CORRECTED:  You need to prove notability using reliable sources .
Just because it has some festivities ( how large are they ?
who organized them ? )
in part of a country does not make it notable .
Also , you need to change your username ; this one will probably be blocked soon for violating the username policy ( no names of web sites / businesse ) .
( talk to me ) 

ISPELL:  You need to prove not ability using reliable sources. Just because it has some festivities (how large are they? who organized them?) in part of a country doesn't make it notable. Also, you need to change your user name; this one will probably be blocked soon for violating the user name policy (no names of web sites/businesses). (talk to me)

LINE:  ReCAPTCHA forces users to solve the Captcha to access whatever the service in question is. Forced labor is the definition slave labor, i am going to revert your reversion, please do not do it again or i will report you for vandalism also please don't send me threatening messages tia

CORRECTED:  ReCAPTCHA forces users to solve the Captcha to access whatever the service in question is .
Forced labor is the definition slave labor , i am going to every your reversion , please do not do it again or i will report you for vandalism
also please do not send me threatening messages tea 

ISPELL:  ReCAPTCHA forces users to solve the Captcha to access whatever the service in question is. Forced labor is the definition slave labor, i am going to revert your reversion, please do not do it again or i will report you for vandalism also please don't send me threatening messages TA

LINE:  Infobox hurricane season

CORRECTED:  Infobox hurricane season 

ISPELL:  Info box hurricane season

LINE:  As I said in my edit summary, the term "For Security Reasons" is ambiguous and not properly established in the source. Further, it is unnecessary. You'd have to have a crystal ball to know why they did it and, as I said earlier, Janes is not perfect. The reason that all the other MG manufacturers alter their parts so they don't interchange is because the US BATFE makes them do it. Suddenly, Glock is different? Yeah, I guess that's just like Glock compensated pistols not acting like any other compensated pistol. I wonder if they actually shoot bullets?

CORRECTED:  As I said in my exit summary , the term " For Security Reasons " is ambiguous and not properly established in the source .
Further , it is unnecessary .
You i have to have a crystal ball to know why they did it and , as I said earlier , lanes is not perfect .
The reason that all the other MG manufacturers alter their parts so they do not interchange is because the US BATFE makes them do it .
Suddenly , rock is different ?
leah , I guess that is just like clock compensated pistols not acting like any other compensated pistol .
I wonder if they actually shoot bullets ? 

ISPELL:  As I said in my edit summary, the term "For Security Reasons" is ambiguous and not properly established in the source. Further, it is unnecessary. You'd have to have a crystal ball to know why they did it and, as I said earlier, Jane's is not perfect. The reason that all the other MAG manufacturers alter their parts so they don't interchange is because the US BATHE makes them do it. Suddenly, Lock is different? Yeah, I guess that's just like Lock compensated pistols not acting like any other compensated pistol. I wonder if they actually shoot bullets?

LINE:  It's from one of the many books on various bands... I thought it was from Cult Rockers, but I just checked and Supertramp isn't in there. I will seek out a source for this quote. -

CORRECTED:  It is from one of the many books on various bands ...
I thought it was from Cult Rockers , but I just checked and Supertramp is not in there .
I will seek out a source for this quote .
- 

ISPELL:  It's from one of the many books on various bands... I thought it was from Cult Rockers, but I just checked and Super tramp isn't in there. I will seek out a source for this quote. -

LINE:  The name "Yuen Lou" looks to be just a variation of "Yuen Lo", the name Jackie used under his sifu at the opera school.

CORRECTED:  The name " euen you " looks to be just a variation of " euen Lo " , the name Jackie used under his sit at the opera school . 

ISPELL:  The name "Yen Loud" looks to be just a variation of "Yen Leo", the name Jackie used under his situ at the opera school.

LINE:  I realize now that the article doesn't quite say what I thought it said. If anyone can find a citation stating that there exists a proper subfield of isomorphic to itself, I would be very interested in seeing it (and we could reinclude the clause with the citation).

CORRECTED:  I realize now that the article does not quite say what I thought it said .
If anyone can find a citation stating that there exists a proper subfield of isomorphic to itself , I would be very interested in seeing it ( and we could reinclude the cause with the citation ) . 

ISPELL:  I realize now that the article doesn't quite say what I thought it said. If anyone can find a citation stating that there exists a proper subfield of isomorphic to itself, I would be very interested in seeing it (and we could re include the clause with the citation).

LINE:  I didn't cherry-pick anything, these are the official and only facts: "While essentially every CNN program was down double-digits, 9pmET, which is home to Piers Morgan Tonight, and 7pmET, which is home to Erin Burnett OutFront, each had their worst performance in the demo in 20 years." .mediabistro.com/tvnewser/may-2012-ratings-cnn-hits-20-year-low_b130250

CORRECTED:  I did not cherry - pick anything , these are the official and only facts : " While essentially every CNN program was down double - digits , 9pmET , which is home to  Piers organ
Tonight ,  and 7pmET , which is home to  grin Burnett OutFront ,  each had their worst performance in the demi in 20 years .
" .mediabistro.com
/ tvnewser / may-2012-ratings - in - hits-20-year - low_b130250 

ISPELL:  I didn't cherry-pick anything, these are the official and only facts: "While essentially every CONN program was down double-digits, 9met, which is home to Piers Morgan Tonight, and 7pmETmetich is home to Erin BErvintt OutFroOut Fronth had their worst performance in the demo in 20 years." .mediabistro.com/tvnecomar/may-2012-ratings-cnn-hitsconn-year-low_b130250

LINE:  Just to clarify, I've opened a new section to indeed alert some contributors that they were behaving in a way in line with the examples of ownership behaviour as described here. In return the title of the section has been twisted to something unrelated and one of my message has been erased. It is the first time I see people editing other's signed contributions in a talk page. This just looks crazy to me.

CORRECTED:  Just to clarity , I have opened a new section to indeed alert some contributor that they were behaving in a way in line with the examples of ownership behaviour as described here .
In return the title of the section has been twisted to something unrelated and one of my message has been erased .
It is the first time I see people editing other is signed contributions in a talk page .
This just looks crazy to me . 

ISPELL:  Just to clarify, I've opened a new section to indeed alert some contributors that they were behaving in a way in line with the examples of ownership behavior as described here. In return the title of the section has been twisted to something unrelated and one of my message has been erased. It is the first time I see people editing other's signed contributions in a talk page. This just looks crazy to me.

LINE:  Noel, you are an expert. Please convince Whig history fans (or the lazy minds) about how Bonnie Prince Charlie did not want to dissolve the Union, that the United Kingdom began with the Stuarts as opposed to the Hanoverians. Tell them how the Whigs rewrote history to blame everything on the Stuarts, whom are credited as ultimate failures with no positive contributions to the foundations of Great Britain in their Stewart and Tudor blood. The Sovereign's will is the Realm, or else it is not a kingdom. The British might as well be living in a republic, at least if the Parliamentarians had their way. Even the Hanoverian heirs recognise that the Stuarts founded the UK. Please debate that here & thanks.

CORRECTED:  joel , you are an expert .
Please convince Whig history fans ( or the lazy minds ) about how Bonnie Prince Charlie did not want to dissolve the Union , that the United Kingdom began with the Stuarts as opposed to the Hanoverians .
Tell them how the Whigs rewrote history to blame everything on the Stuarts , whom are credited as ultimate failures with no positive contributions to the foundations of Great Britain in their Stewart and Tudor blood .
The Sovereign i will is the Realm , or else it is not a kingdom .
The British might as well be living in a republic , at least if the Parliamentarians had their way .
Even the Hanoverian heirs recognise that the Stuarts founded the UK .
Please debate that here & thanks . 

ISPELL:  Noel, you are an expert. Please convince Whig history fans (or the lazy minds) about how Bonnie Prince Charlie did not want to dissolve the Union, that the United Kingdom began with the Starts as opposed to the Hanoverian. Tell them how the Whigs rewrote history to blame everything on the Starts, whom are credited as ultimate failures with no positive contributions to the foundations of Great Britain in their Stewart and Tudor blood. The Sovereign's will is the Realm, or else it is not a kingdom. The British might as well be living in a republic, at least if the Parliamentarians had their way. Even the Hanoverian heirs recognize that the Starts founded the OK. Please debate that here & thanks.

LINE:  regardless of what other people have "decided", erens name should be jaeger.

CORRECTED:  regardless of what other people have " decided " , dens name should be jaeger . 

ISPELL:  regardless of what other people have "decided", wrens name should be jaeger.

LINE:  its like calling light (from death note) raito.

CORRECTED:  its like calling light ( from death note ) raito . 

ISPELL:  its like calling light (from death note) ratio.

LINE:  at least in the anime, the people dubbing take care to correctly pronounce the foreing names (ie, all of them, except mikasa)

CORRECTED:  at least in the aim , the people dabbing take care to correctly pronounce the forging names ( i , all of them , except mikasa ) 

ISPELL:  at least in the anise, the people drubbing take care to correctly pronounce the foreign names (die, all of them, except mikasa)

LINE:  jaeger means hunter, a german word.

CORRECTED:  jaeger means hunter , a german word . 

ISPELL:  jaeger means hunter, a German word.

LINE:  guess what eren does in the series?

CORRECTED:  guess what are does in the series ? 

ISPELL:  guess what ere does in the series?

LINE:  Pretty humorous comment from someone who promotes the far-leftist blog Daily Kos on his user page

CORRECTED:  Pretty humorous comment from someone who promote the far - leftest log Daily as on his user page 

ISPELL:  Pretty humorous comment from someone who promotes the far-leftist blog Daily OS on his user page

LINE:  The Arctic Monkeys played Walk on the Wild Side in honour of Lou Reed at Echo Arena, Liverpool, a day after the musician's death.

CORRECTED:  The Arctic Monkeys played Walk on the Wild Side in honour of you Reed at Echo Arena , Liverpool , a day after the musician is death . 

ISPELL:  The Arctic Monkeys played Walk on the Wild Side in honor of Loud Reed at Echo Arena, Liverpool, a day after the musician's death.

LINE:  Gurch is...an interesting fellow. Just don't take his comments to heart, but take his advice on board 1 Talk/

CORRECTED:  lurch is ... an interesting fellow .
Just do not take his comments to heart , but take his advice on board 1 Talk/ 

ISPELL:  Burch is...an interesting fellow. Just don't take his comments to heart, but take his advice on board 1 Talk/

LINE:  See Internet_Explorer#Market share history overview by year and version. IE7 is with us for some time to come, like it or not. But if others using it have no problems, that's fine, I'm not worried about my specific workplace. come howl!

CORRECTED:  See Internet_Explorer#Market share history overview by year and version .
IE7 is with us for some time to come , like it or not .
But if others using it have no problems , that is fine , I am not worried about my specific workplace .
come howl ! 

ISPELL:  See Internet_Explorer#Market share history overview by year and version. DIE7 is with us for some time to come, like it or not. But if others using it have no problems, that's fine, I'm not worried about my specific workplace. come howl!

LINE:  I like the example given on the following post - .blogspot.com/2011/07/july-28-2011-real-black-real-swan.html

CORRECTED:  I like the example given on the following post - .blogspot.com/2011/07/july-28 - 2011-real - black - real - swan.html 

ISPELL:  I like the example given on the following post - .blog spot.coma/2011/07/July-28-2011-real-black-real-swan.HTML

LINE:  and I don't want to use it again. I don't understand why FayssalF insists on NAccount. I could have wrote to him using any other account, maybe he would have kept it instead of NAccount

CORRECTED:  and I do not want to use it again .
I do not understand why FayssalF insists on NAccount .
I could have wrote to him using any other account , maybe he would have kept it instead of NAccount 

ISPELL:  and I don't want to use it again. I don't understand why FayssalF insists on Account. I could have wrote to him using any other account, maybe he would have kept it instead of Account

LINE:  Per wiki standards - when to use and external link:

CORRECTED:  Per wiki standards - when to use and external link : 

ISPELL:  Per Wiki standards - when to use and external link:

LINE:  3) Each link should be considered on its merits, using the following guidelines. As the number of external links in an article grows longer, assessment should become stricter. When in doubt about the appropriateness of adding new links, make a suggestion on the article's talkpage and discuss with other editors.

CORRECTED:  3 ) Each link should be considered on its merits , using the following guidelines .
As the number of external links in an article grows longer , assessment should become stricter .
When in doubt about the appropriateness of adding new links , make a suggestion on the article as talkpage and discuss with other editors . 

ISPELL:  3) Each link should be considered on its merits, using the following guidelines. As the number of external links in an article grows longer, assessment should become stricter. When in doubt about the appropriateness of adding new links, make a suggestion on the article's talk page and discuss with other editors.

LINE:  I generally avoid external links except when it takes me directly to the home page of the aircraft in question - this link does take me directly to NASM's page on this particular P-61 - that makes this external link appropiate. Agree that this page does need more references.

CORRECTED:  I generally avoid external links except when it takes me directly to the home page of the aircraft in question - this link does take me directly to NASM as page on this particular P-61 - that makes this external link appropriate .
Agree that this page does need more references . 

ISPELL:  I generally avoid external links except when it takes me directly to the home page of the aircraft in question - this link does take me directly to NASM's page on this particular P-61 - that makes this external link appropriate. Agree that this page does need more references.

LINE:  The Turks (or Turkics) are peoples residing in northern, central and western Asia, Mongolia, southern Siberia and northwestern China and parts of eastern Europe. They speak languages belonging to the Turkic language family.Turkic people, Encyclopdia Britannica, Online Academic Edition, 2010 They share, to varying degrees, certain cultural traits and historical backgrounds. The term Turkic represents a broad ethno-linguistic group of people including existing societies such as the Azerbaijanis, Chuvashes, Kazakhs, Tatars, Kyrgyzs, Turkish, Turkmen, Uyghur, Uzbeks, Bashkirs, Qashqai, Gagauzs, Yakuts, Crimean Karaites, Krymchaks, Karakalpaks, Karachays, Nogais and as well as past civilizations such as the Kumans, Kipchaks, Avars, Turgeshs, Seljuks, Khazars, Ottomans, Mamluks, Timurids, and possibly the Xiongnu and Huns."Timur", The Columbia Encyclopedia, Sixth Edition, 200105, Columbia University Press.Encyclopaedia Britannica article: Consolidation & expansion of the Indo-Timurids, Online Edition, 2007.

CORRECTED:  The Turks ( or Turkics ) are peoples residing in northern , central and western Asia , Mongolia , southern Siberia and northwestern China and parts of eastern Europe .
They speak languages belonging to the Turkic language family .
Turkic people , Encyclopdia Britannica , Online Academic Edition , 2010
They share , to varying degrees , certain cultural traits and historical background .
The term Turkic represents a broad ethni - linguistic group of people including existing societies such as the Azerbaijanis , Chuvashes , Kazakhs , Tatars , Kyrgyzs , Turkish , Turkmen , Uyghur , Uzbeks , Bashkirs , Qashqai , Gagauzs , Yakuts , Crimean Karaites , Krymchaks , Karakalpaks , Karachays , Nogais and as well as past civilizations such as the Kumans , Kipchaks , Avars , Turgeshs , Seljuks , Khazars , Ottomans , Mamluks , Timurids , and possibly the Xiongnu and Huns."Timur " , The Columbia Encyclopedia , Sixth Edition , 200105 , Columbia University Press .
Encyclopaedia Britannica article : Consolidation & expansion of the undo - Timurids , Online Edition , 2007 . 

ISPELL:  The Turks (or Turkics) are peoples residing in northern, central and western Asia, Mongolia, southern Siberia and northwestern China and parts of eastern Europe. They speak languages belonging to the Turkic language family.Turkic people, EncyclopddivaBritannica, Online Academic Edition, 2010 They share, to varying degrees, certain cultural traits and historical backgrounds. The term Turkic represents a broad ethno-linguistic group of people including existing societies such as the Azerbaijanis, Chuvashes, Kazakhs, TTA tars Kyrgyzs, Turkish, TTurk men Uyghur, Uzbeks, Bashkirs, Qashqai, Gagauzs, Yakuts, Crimean Karaites, Krymchaks, Karakalpaks, Karachays, Nogais and as well as past civilizations such as the KHumans Kipchaks, AAfars Turgeshs, Seljuks, Khazars, OOttoman Mamluks, Timurids, and possibly the Xiongnu and HShuns"TTimer, The Columbia Encyclopedia, Sixth Edition, 200105, Columbia University Press.EncEncyclopediaitannica article: Consolidation & expansion of the IndUndomurids, Online Edition, 2007.

LINE:  i understand what i see, i do not see scholarship, i see stealing-grasping-greed. it's animalistic. try this 2+2 = 4 in any culture ). switch to math, you wil like it, no levantian in math. )

CORRECTED:  i understand what i see , i do not see scholarship , i see stealing - grasping - greed .
it is animalistic .
try this 2 + 2 = 4 in any culture ) .
switch to at , you wil like it , no levantian in at . ) 

ISPELL:  i understand what i see, i do not see scholarship, i see stealing-grasping-greed. it's animalistic. try this 2+2 = 4 in any culture ). switch to math, you wail like it, no levantian in math. )

LINE:  I guess u don't know Greek cuz it took u forever to translate,second if u read carefully does not say anything about u..

CORRECTED:  I guess i do not know Greek us it took a forever to translate , second if i read carefully does not say anything about a .. 

ISPELL:  I guess u don't know Greek cub it took u forever to translate,second if u read carefully does not say anything about u..

LINE:  If there is no actual proof that Jeff Rense advocates holocaust denial, then the category "Holocaust deniers" should be removed.

CORRECTED:  If there is no actual proof that teff sense advocate holocaust denial , then the category " Holocaust denies " should be removed . 

ISPELL:  If there is no actual proof that Jeff Dense advocates holocaust denial, then the category "Holocaust denies" should be removed.

LINE:  I also told him that counts of using admin tools for deciding on content and misrepresentation of policy/norms has been sanctioned in the past.

CORRECTED:  I also told him that counts of using adin tools for deciding on content and misrepresentation of policy / worms has been sanctioned in the past . 

ISPELL:  I also told him that counts of using admit tools for deciding on content and misrepresentation of policy/norms has been sanctioned in the past.

LINE:  AGF requires me not to think you were reverting to the user's preferred version. It might look better if you allow another admin to make that edit.

CORRECTED:  AGF requires me not to think you were reverting to the user is preferred version .
It might look better if you allow another adin to make that exit . 

ISPELL:  AGE requires me not to think you were reverting to the user's preferred version. It might look better if you allow another admit to make that edit.

LINE:  Or between the French and the Walloons. Surprise, our article on French people clearly labels the Walloon as a distinct ethnic group... Perhaps it is best not to make comparisons?

CORRECTED:  Or between the French and the balloon .
Surprise , our article on French people clearly labels the balloon as a distinct ethni group ...
Perhaps it is best not to make comparisons ? 

ISPELL:  Or between the French and the Balloons. Surprise, our article on French people clearly labels the Balloon as a distinct ethnic group... Perhaps it is best not to make comparisons?

LINE:  After screwing it up a few times, I have done rewrites of parts of the article (mainly a word and a sentence left and right) to make the distinction and relation between the Dutch and the Flemish clearer. The article switched constantly between parts about the Dutch only, and parts about the Dutch and Flemish together. This should now be clearer. The major thing left to adjust are the graphs of the number of Dutch, since these still al include the Flemish.

CORRECTED:  After screwing it up a few times , I have done rewrites of parts of the article ( mainly a word and a sentence left and right ) to make the distinction and relation between the Dutch and the blemish clearer .
The article twitched constantly between parts about the Dutch only , and parts about the Dutch and blemish together .
This should now be clearer .
The major thing left to adjust are the grapes of the number of Dutch , since these still al include the blemish . 

ISPELL:  After screwing it up a few times, I have done rewrites of parts of the article (mainly a word and a sentence left and right) to make the distinction and relation between the Dutch and the Flemish clearer. The article switched constantly between parts about the Dutch only, and parts about the Dutch and Flemish together. This should now be clearer. The major thing left to adjust are the graphs of the number of Dutch, since these still Al include the Flemish.

LINE:  You need to sign the above and your RSN post.

CORRECTED:  You need to sign the above and your RSN post . 

ISPELL:  You need to sign the above and your RAN post.

LINE:  Terri Schiavo as Rorschach Test

CORRECTED:  Terri Schiavo as Rorschach Test 

ISPELL:  Terra Schiavo as Rorschach Test

LINE:  Now perhaps you see that utility of Terri Schiavo is as Rorschach Test. You dangle that pretty, slender alive and aware young face in front of the Power Players (on both the Left and the Right) and you see how they respond. If they respond inappropriately, then you make a note it, as if they were just some rat in your laboratory. That is what make Wikiepda so powerful. And it is all true and NPOV; notable and fair.

CORRECTED:  Now perhaps you see that utility of Terri Schiavo is as Rorschach Test .
You dangle that pretty , slender alive and aware young face in front of the Power Players ( on both the Left and the Right ) and you see how they respond .
If they respond inappropriately , then you make a note it , as if they were just some rat in your laboratory .
That is what make Wikiepda so powerful .
And it is all true and NPOV ; notable and fair . 

ISPELL:  Now perhaps you see that utility of Terra Schiavo is as Rorschach Test. You dangle that pretty, slender alive and aware young face in front of the Power Players (on both the Left and the Right) and you see how they respond. If they respond inappropriately, then you make a note it, as if they were just some rat in your laboratory. That is what make Wikiepda so powerful. And it is all true and NPOV; notable and fair.

LINE:  I'm creating a chart for my own use that includes U.S. albums, since there are so many differences in the early albums. As a U.S. fan, I'm faced with the issue of whether to have U.S. albums, U.K. albums or both on my iPod? I will post my chart on my talk page so that others can judge whether it's worthy of including here. I realize there will be problems, including the lack of Canadian albums. My purpose is simply to record the first ALBUM appearance in both the U.K. and U.S. of each song.

CORRECTED:  I am creating a chart for my own use that includes U.S. albums , since there are so many differences in the early albums .
As a U.S. fan , I am faced with the issue of whether to have U.S. albums , U.K. albums or both on my iPod ?
I will post my chart on my talk page so that others can judge whether it is worthy of including here .
I realize there will be problems , including the lack of Canadian albums .
My purpose is simply to record the first ALBUM appearance in both the U.K. and U.S. of each song . 

ISPELL:  I'm creating a chart for my own use that includes U.S. albums, since there are so many differences in the early albums. As a U.S. fan, I'm faced with the issue of whether to have U.S. albums, U.K. albums or both on my pod? I will post my chart on my talk page so that others can judge whether it's worthy of including here. I realize there will be problems, including the lack of Canadian albums. My purpose is simply to record the first ALBUM appearance in both the U.K. and U.S. of each song.

LINE:  I notice that a number of U.K. songs are listed as Past Masters when they actually first appeared on Rarities (1978 The Beatles album). I don't know the reason for this if the purpose is to list the first appearance on an album. Can someone explain? Or should they be changed to Rarities?

CORRECTED:  I notice that a number of U.K. songs are listed as Past Masters when they actually first appeared on Rarities ( 1978 The Beatles algum ) .
I do not know the reason for this if the purpose is to list the first appearance on an algum .
Can someone explain ?
Or should they be changed to Rarities ? 

ISPELL:  I notice that a number of U.K. songs are listed as Past Masters when they actually first appeared on Rarities (1978 The Beetles album). I don't know the reason for this if the purpose is to list the first appearance on an album. Can someone explain? Or should they be changed to Rarities?

LINE:  Simpsons movie poster

CORRECTED:  Simpsons move poser 

ISPELL:  Simpson movie poster

LINE:  Did you create the Simpsons movie poster image or did you source it from somewhere else?

CORRECTED:  Did you create the Simpsons move poser image or did you source it from somewhere else ? 

ISPELL:  Did you create the Simpson movie poster image or did you source it from somewhere else?

LINE:  Will do. I thought it was pretty clear in this case, given the editor's user page (GNAA, etc., etc., etc.), that the unblock request was pure nonsense. Also, I was under the impression that the unblock request would still be visible and reviewed by other admins. I'll be more careful in the future.

CORRECTED:  Will do .
I thought it was pretty clear in this case , given the editor as user page ( GNAA , etc . , etc . , etc . ) , that the unlock request was pure nonsense .
Also , I was under the impression that the unlock request would still be visible and reviewed by other admits .
I all be more careful in the future . 

ISPELL:  Will do. I thought it was pretty clear in this case, given the editor's user page (GNAT, etc., etc., etc.), that the unblock request was pure nonsense. Also, I was under the impression that the unblock request would still be visible and reviewed by other admits. I'll be more careful in the future.

LINE:  I do not see any anti-semitism here. If the guy gives lectures in New York synagogues and knocks down his country every single minute, using every opportunity in such influential newspapers as New York Post, then one can state that his interests are not only personal. You can not find any intellectual person among neoconservatives in New York Post. Michelle Malkin, Andrea Peyser, Deborah Orin (may her rest in peace, although I know she is rotting in hell)and other essayists are the ones who make a great company for Amir Taheri. This guy has no mind at all. I agree that Iran's regime is wrong, but the regime of Shah that Amir Taheri is longing for, because he owned Keyhan during that regime was not any better and Islamic Revolution was justified. Look at how they intriduce Amir Taheri in both this article and in New York Post. "Based in Europe memeber of Benador Associates". Is Europe that small? Is that a small town? Why don't they say based in the world journalist. Or may be he is having a breakfast in London with Christian Amanpour and James Rubin, eating lunch in Jerusalem, and having some lectures and dinner with anti Irani Jews in Forest Hills, New York in between emailing his full of hatred articles to New York Post. Isn't this stupid? How can you saysomebody is based in Europe or Asia or Africa?

CORRECTED:  I do not see any anti - semitism here .
If the guy gives lectures in New York synagogues and knocks down his country every single minute , using every opportunity in such influential newspapers as New York Post , then one can state that his interests are not only personal .
You can not find any intellectual person among neoconservatives in New York Post .
Michelle Malkin , Andrea Peyser , Deborah grin ( may her rest in peace , although I know she is trotting in hell)and
other essayists are the ones who make a great company for emir Taheri .
This guy has no mind at all .
I agree that an as regime is wrong , but the regime of ah that emir Taheri is longing for , because he owned Keyhan during that regime was not any better and Islamic Revolution was justified .
Look at how they introduce emir Taheri in both this article and in New York Post . "
Based in Europe member of Benador Associates " .
Is Europe that small ?
Is that a small town ?
Why do not they say based in the world journalist .
Or may be he is having a breakfast in London with Christian Amanpour and James Rubin , eating lunch in Jerusalem , and having some lectures and dinner with anti Irani Jews in Forest Hills , New York in between emailing his full of hatred articles to New York Post .
Is not this stupid ?
How can you saysomebody is based in Europe or Asia or Africa ? 

ISPELL:  I do not see any anti-Semitism here. If the guy gives lectures in New York synagogues and knocks down his country every single minute, using every opportunity in such influential newspapers as New York Post, then one can state that his interests are not only personal. You can not find any intellectual person among neoconservatives in New York Post. Michelle Malkin, Andre Geyser, Deborah Orion (may her rest in peace, although I know she is rotting in hell)and other essayists are the ones who make a great company for Air Taheri. This guy has no mind at all. I agree that Iran's regime is wrong, but the regime of Shah that Air Taheri is longing for, because he owned Keyhan during that regime was not any better and Islamic Revolution was justified. Look at how they introduce Air Taheri in both this article and in New York Post. "Based in Europe member of Benador Associates". Is Europe that small? Is that a small town? Why don't they say based in the world journalist. Or may be he is having a breakfast in London with Christian Amanpour and James Ruin, eating lunch in Jerusalem, and having some lectures and dinner with anti Iran Jews in Forest Hills, New York in between emailing his full of hatred articles to New York Post. Isn't this stupid? How can you say somebody is based in Europe or Asia or Africa?

LINE:  Looked into it, and this editor seems to be pushing an anti-LGBT agenda. They've done similar stuff over at Sailor Moon, and made "official-looking" warnings to other editors. This quote is bizarre, and is quite telling: "To insert those categories would ultimately give other people (who may not even support the LGBT movement) reading the article the assumption that every person who does enjoy Sailor Moon is a homosexual (and/or supports SSM)". I don't personally watch/read Sailor Moon or know much about it, so I'm not confident enough to re-add the categories, but the reasoning for their removal is flawed regardless, and there is a sourced part in the article about female homosexuality.talk

CORRECTED:  Looked into it , and this editor seems to be pushing an anti - LGBT agenda .
They have done similar stuff over at Sailor Moon , and made " official - looking " warnings to other editors .
This quote is bizarre , and is quite telling : " To insert those categories would ultimately give other people ( who may not even support the LGBT movement ) reading the article the assumption that every person who does enjoy Sailor Moon is a homosexual ( and/or supports SSM ) " .
I do not personally watch
/ read Sailor Moon or know much about it , so I am not confident enough to re - add the categories , but the reasoning for their removal is flowed regardless , and there is a source part in the article about female homosexuality.talk 

ISPELL:  Looked into it, and this editor seems to be pushing an anti-LGBT agenda. They've done similar stuff over at Sailor Moon, and made "official-looking" warnings to other editors. This quote is bizarre, and is quite telling: "To insert those categories would ultimately give other people (who may not even support the LGBT movement) reading the article the assumption that every person who does enjoy Sailor Moon is a homosexual (and/or supports SMS)". I don't personally watch/read Sailor Moon or know much about it, so I'm not confident enough to re-add the categories, but the reasoning for their removal is flawed regardless, and there is a soured part in the article about female homosexuality.talk

LINE:  Okay, I found a document that demonstrates the SCIMD listing by the WHO on the WHO site, now there should be no trouble with including the above text:

CORRECTED:  Okay , I found a document that demonstrates the SCIMD listing by the WHO on the WHO site , now there should be no trouble with including the above text : 

ISPELL:  Okay, I found a document that demonstrates the SIMD listing by the WHO on the WHO site, now there should be no trouble with including the above text:

LINE:  Valeri Poxleitner, A.K.A. Lights. If

CORRECTED:  Valeri Poxleitner , A.K.A. Lights .
If 

ISPELL:  Valerie Poxleitner, A.K.A. Lights. If

LINE:  Shamash is Sun

CORRECTED:  Shamash is Sun 

ISPELL:  Sham ash is Sun

LINE:  I agree to merge Sammash in to Shamash, since Shamash is more likely to be correct.

CORRECTED:  I agree to merge Sammash in to Shamash , since Shamash is more likely to be correct . 

ISPELL:  I agree to merge Sam mash in to Sham ash, since Sham ash is more likely to be correct.

LINE:  you have no authority to be threatning to block me about saying information about a company i work for. you do not even know anything about airliners bello. that is all i basically said, if that was so hard to comprehend. ( )

CORRECTED:  you have no authority to be threatning to block me about saying information about a company i work for .
you do not even know anything about airliners bell .
that is all i basically said , if that was so hard to comprehend .
( ) 

ISPELL:  you have no authority to be threatening to block me about saying information about a company i work for. you do not even know anything about airliners bellow. that is all i basically said, if that was so hard to comprehend. ( )

LINE:  DXRAW come out, come out, where ever you are

CORRECTED:  DXRAW come out , come out , where ever you are 

ISPELL:  DRAW come out, come out, where ever you are

LINE:  How odd that DXRAW goes away and then in the follwing articles ExtraDry appears in the editing lists:

CORRECTED:  How odd that DXRAW goes away and then in the following articles ExtraDry appears in the editing lists : 

ISPELL:  How odd that DRAW goes away and then in the following articles Extra Dry appears in the editing lists:

LINE:  Aussie Aussie Aussie, Oi Oi Oi

CORRECTED:  Aussie Aussie Aussie , i i i 

ISPELL:  Aussie Aussie Aussie, Oil Oil Oil

LINE:  Australian Army Cadets

CORRECTED:  Australian Army Cadets 

ISPELL:  Australian Army Cadet

LINE:  So you really are that cheer loving, free hugging, Newington teacher and cadet master who has the hots for John Cena with his shirt off. It's time you came out DXRAW!

CORRECTED:  So you really are that cheer loving , free hugging , Newington teacher and capet master who has the hot for John men with his shirt off .
It is time you came out DXRAW ! 

ISPELL:  So you really are that cheer loving, free hugging, Newington teacher and cadet master who has the shots for John Cent with his shirt off. It's time you came out DRAW!

LINE:  kudos for destroying article, copyright superstar! you really deserve nobel prize for copyright

CORRECTED:  kudos for destroying article , copyright superstar !
you really deserve novel prize for copyright 

ISPELL:  kudos for destroying article, copyright super star! you really deserve Nobel prize for copyright

LINE:  The spelling "Tacarimba La Tumba Del Fuego Santa Maliga Sacategas Lo Onto Del Sol Y Cruz" is the one stated in the lyrics in the vocal score of Side By Side By Sondheim (available for rental only). This version of the song, however, misspells Llanfair PG (presumably to approximate the pronunciation), and has the lyric "...today's the last I'll be spreading" rather than "spending". It would seem, therefore, that this source cannot be considered canonical. This rendering of the place name does accord with Millicent Martin's recording on the Side By Side By Sondheim cast album, however.

CORRECTED:  The spelling " Tacarimba La Tumba Del Fuego
Santa Maliga Sacategas Lo
unto Del pol Y Cruz " is the one stated in the lyrics in the vocal score of Side By Side
By Sondheim ( available for mental only ) .
This version of the song , however , misspells Llanfair PG ( presumably to approximate the pronunciation ) , and has the lyrics " ...
today is the last I all be spreading " rather than " spending " .
It would seem , therefore , that this source can not be considered canonicals .
This rendering of the place name does accord with Millicent Martin is recording on the Side By Side
By Sondheim cast algum , however . 

ISPELL:  The spelling "Tacarimba La Tuba Duel Fuego Santa Malign Sacategas Leo Onto Duel Sol Y Crud" is the one stated in the lyrics in the vocal score of Side By Side By Sondheim (available for rental only). This version of the song, however, misspells Llanfair PEG (presumably to approximate the pronunciation), and has the lyric "...today's the last I'll be spreading" rather than "spending". It would seem, therefore, that this source cannot be considered canonical. This rendering of the place name does accord with Millicent Martin's recording on the Side By Side By Sondheim cast album, however.

LINE:  The published version of the song, as contained in The Hansen Treasury of Stephen Sondheim Songs (Charles Hansen Music & Books, 1977), has the lyric printed as "Tacarembo la Tumbe del Fuego Santa Malipas Zacatecas la Junta del Sol y Cruz", and, being a printed source (as opposed to handwritten, as is the vocal score), can presumably be considered definitive. Linda Lavin's pronunciation on the original cast recording of The Mad Show (for which the song was written) follows this spelling, which would suggest that the printed version is correct.

CORRECTED:  The published version of the song , as contained in The Hansen Treasury of Stephen Sondheim Songs ( Charles Hansen Music & Books , 1977 ) , has the lyrics printed as " Tacarembo la dumbe del Fuego Santa Malipas Zacatecas la Junta del pol y Cruz " , and , being a printed source ( as opposed to handwritten , as is the vocal score ) , can presumably be considered definitive .
Linda ravin as pronunciation on the original cast recording of The Mad Show ( for which the song was written ) follows this spelling , which would suggest that the printed version is correct . 

ISPELL:  The published version of the song, as contained in The Hansen Treasury of Stephen Sondheim Songs (Charles Hansen Music & Books, 1977), has the lyric printed as "Tacarembo la Tumble duel Fuego Santa Malipas Zacatecas la Junta duel Sol y Crud", and, being a printed source (as opposed to handwritten, as is the vocal score), can presumably be considered definitive. Linda Lavin's pronunciation on the original cast recording of The Mad Show (for which the song was written) follows this spelling, which would suggest that the printed version is correct.

LINE:  Your (typical) problem is that you are being too literal. The term Personal Union is a very special, and limited Constitutional term. It refers to two or more States (i.e., countries) that recognise the same Monarch as there Head of State, however their is no UNION OF THEIR PARLIAMENTS. Some examples are,

CORRECTED:  Your ( typical ) problem is that you are being too literal .
The term Personal Union is a very special , and limited Constitutional term .
It refers to two or more States ( i.e. , countries ) that recognise the same Monarch as there Head of State , however their is no UNION OF THEIR PARLIAMENTS .
Some examples are , 

ISPELL:  Your (typical) problem is that you are being too literal. The term Personal Union is a very special, and limited Constitutional term. It refers to two or more States (i.e., countries) that recognize the same Monarch as there Head of State, however their is no UNION OF THEIR PARLIAMENTS. Some examples are,

LINE:  (i). The Union of Kalmar (1397). Its members were the Kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. This gave rise to the termUnited Scandinavia. In 1562 (I believe) Sweden left the Union. The resulting left-over Union of Denmark-Norway was dissolved in 1814, as being allied with Napolean "tunrned out badly".

CORRECTED:  ( i ) .
The Union of Kalmar ( 1397 ) .
Its members were the Kingdoms of Denmark , Norway , and Sweden .
This gave rise to the termUnited Scandinavia .
In 1562 ( I believe )
Sweden left the Union .
The resulting left - over Union of Denmark - Norway was dissolved in 1814 , as being allied with Napolean " turned out badly " . 

ISPELL:  (i). The Union of Kalmar (1397). Its members were the Kingdoms of Denmark, Norway, and Sweden. This gave rise to the term United Scandinavia. In 1562 (I believe) Sweden left the Union. The resulting left-over Union of Denmark-Norway was dissolved in 1814, as being allied with Napoleon "turned out badly".

LINE:  I think this one should DayZ (mod), the other one should be DayZ (video game), and DayZ should be just a disambiguation page.

CORRECTED:  I think this one should DayZ ( o ) , the other one should be DayZ ( vide game ) , and DayZ should be just a disambiguation page . 

ISPELL:  I think this one should Day (mod), the other one should be Day (video game), and Day should be just a disambiguation page.

LINE:  by those pushing an anti-MRM POV.

CORRECTED:  by those pushing an anti - MRM POV . 

ISPELL:  by those pushing an anti-MM POD.

LINE:  Fine, smarty pants. But just wait until they finally announce it. Then you'll see I am right and that you don't know everything.

CORRECTED:  Fine , smart pants .
But just wait until they finally announce it .
Then you all see I am right and that you do not know everything . 

ISPELL:  Fine, smartly pants. But just wait until they finally announce it. Then you'll see I am right and that you don't know everything.

LINE:  hi again. Can you please take a look at this template: . Shouldn't Albanian language be mentioned first since 90 % of the population are Albanians? (I changed this but some Serb nationalist keep reverting my edit) I hope I am not disturbing you but you are one of few here I consider to be quiet neutral.

CORRECTED:  hi again .
Can you please take a look at this template : .
Should not Albanian language be mentioned first since 90 % of the population are Albanians ?
( I changed this but some her nationalist keep reverting my exit )
I hope I am not disturbing you
but you are one of few here
I consider to be quiet neutral . 

ISPELL:  hi again. Can you please take a look at this template: . Shouldn't Albanian language be mentioned first since 90 % of the population are Albanians? (I changed this but some Serbo nationalist keep reverting my edit) I hope I am not disturbing you but you are one of few here I consider to be quiet neutral.

LINE:  I think it is a little disingenuous of Zet to claim that a division which had lost most of its fighting troops was 'far from destroyed' when its fighting capacity was close to nil.

CORRECTED:  I think it is a little disingenuous of it to claim that a division which had lost most of its fighting troops was ' far from destroyed ' when its fighting capacity was close to i . 

ISPELL:  I think it is a little disingenuous of Zest to claim that a division which had lost most of its fighting troops was 'far from destroyed' when its fighting capacity was close to nil.

LINE:  OMD, THL, H17, Depeche Mode, ABC are all not New Romantic, never have been, don't self identify as Romantics, fans don't consider them romantics yet 1 individual insists on keeping listing them on this page. Fans of the bands will just keep removing them because it is simply wrong. Stick to Visage and other blitZ bands or this article will be in perpetual edit war.

CORRECTED:  OMD , THL , H17 , Depeche Mode , ABC are all not New Romantic , never have been , do not self identify as Romantics , fans do not consider them romantic yet 1 individual insists on keeping listing them on this page .
Fans of the bands will just keep removing them because it is simply wrong .
Stick to Visage and other blitZ bands or this article will be in perpetual exit war . 

ISPELL:  MOD, TH, H17, Depeche Mode, NBC are all not New Romantic, never have been, don't self identify as Romantics, fans don't consider them romantics yet 1 individual insists on keeping listing them on this page. Fans of the bands will just keep removing them because it is simply wrong. Stick to Visage and other blitz bands or this article will be in perpetual edit war.

LINE:  Woody, my man, thanks for your quick actions and additions re. this article (just a stub I created yonks ago to get rid of red links on Bowie/Pop articles). What is it that draws people like us to defence and rock (I think Nick D. is a member of the Military and Music projects as well). Then again, the riff for "Lust for Life" came from Bowie's interpretation of an armed forces radio theme... Cheers,

CORRECTED:  Woody , my man , thanks for your quick actions and additions re .
this article ( just a tub I created monks ago to get rid of red links on Bowie / Pop articles ) .
What is it that draws people like us to defence and rock ( I think Nick D. is a member of the Military and Music projects as well ) .
Then again , the riff for " Lust for Life " came from Bowie us interpretation of an armed forces radio theme ...
Cheers , 

ISPELL:  Woody, my man, thanks for your quick actions and additions re. this article (just a stub I created conks ago to get rid of red links on Bowie/Pop articles). What is it that draws people like us to defense and rock (I think Nick D. is a member of the Military and Music projects as well). Then again, the miff for "Lust for Life" came from Bowie's interpretation of an armed forces radio theme... Cheers,

LINE:  If you agree with Master Bigode then what about rule for 500 x 400 images and what about the back side image (that was erased without consensus)? He never discussed the back image, he erased it out of the blue. What if I went on your user homepage Wolftengu and I said that picture on your homepage is too big be within guidelines and I removed it, placed it somewhere else and I also removed another image, would agree with someone doing that to your homepage or would you be outraged? However Wolftengu you seem to be playing unfair cop here by notifiying 2over0 as if a discussion wrong. What is your point? Do you own a DX-1 or if not what is your involvement to disallow a 500 X 400 or any other 500 x 400 image and even any other image of a DX-1 in a smaller form?

CORRECTED:  If you agree with Master Bigode then what about rule for 500 x 400 images and what about the back side image ( that was erased without consensus ) ?
He never discussed the back image , he erased it out of the blue .
What if I went on your user homepage Wolftengu
and I said that picture on your homepage is too big be within guidelines
and I removed it , placed it somewhere else
and I also removed another image , would agree with someone doing that to your homepage or would you be outraged ?
However Wolftengu you seem to be playing unfair cop here by notifiying 2over0 as if a discussion wrong .
What is your point ?
Do you own a DX-1 or if not what is your involvement to disallow a 500 X 400 or any other 500 x 400 image and even any other image of a DX-1 in a smaller form ? 

ISPELL:  If you agree with Master Big ode then what about rule for 500 x 400 images and what about the back side image (that was erased without consensus)? He never discussed the back image, he erased it out of the blue. What if I went on your user home page Wolftengu and I said that picture on your home page is too big be within guidelines and I removed it, placed it somewhere else and I also removed another image, would agree with someone doing that to your home page or would you be outraged? However Wolftengu you seem to be playing unfair cop here by notifying 2over0 as if a discussion wrong. What is your point? Do you own a AX-1 or if not what is your involvement to disallow a 500 X 400 or any other 500 x 400 image and even any other image of a AX-1 in a smaller form?

LINE:  As a rollbacker, that is particularly problematic. You should be aware that editors who edit war may lose the privilege regardless of the means used to edit war.

CORRECTED:  As a rollbacker , that is particularly problematic .
You should be aware that editors who exit war may lose the privilege regardless of the means used to exit war . 

ISPELL:  As a roll backer, that is particularly problematic. You should be aware that editors who edit war may lose the privilege regardless of the means used to edit war.

LINE:  No not really. We may ask that the mention of fat being the fire source of the cremation of millions be reconsidered though - along with a few other items. The fat cremation "wiki fact" is citable ( www.hdot - Emory U no less, Lipstadt) but doubtful. If the same science was applied to the holocaust as say the tinfoilers or flat earthers the deniers would be overjoyed. Be careful as to who gets the nutty fringe tinfoil label in the end. You get the permits and we'll bring the shovels.

CORRECTED:  No not really .
We may ask that the mention of fat being the fire source of the creation of millions be reconsidered though - along with a few other items .
The fat creation " wiki fact " is citable
( www.hdot - Emory U no less , Lipstadt ) but doubtful .
If the same science was applied to the holocaust as say the tinfoilers or flat earthers the denies would be overjoyed .
Be careful as to who gets the nutt fringe tinfoil label in the end .
You get the permits and we all bring the shovels . 

ISPELL:  No not really. We may ask that the mention of fat being the fire source of the cremation of millions be reconsidered though - along with a few other items. The fat cremation "Wiki fact" is citable ( WWW.dot - Emory U no less, Lipstadt) but doubtful. If the same science was applied to the holocaust as say the tinfoilers or flat earthers the denies would be overjoyed. Be careful as to who gets the nutty fringe tinfoil label in the end. You get the permits and we'll bring the shovels.

LINE:  Talk about your fave celebs and even your crushes!

CORRECTED:  Talk about your five celebs and even your crushes ! 

ISPELL:  Talk about your Ave celebs and even your crushes!

LINE:  I am from Sofia, Bulgaria. Our city has also joined this initative so I included it.

CORRECTED:  I am from Sofia , Bulgaria .
Our city has also joined this initative so I included it . 

ISPELL:  I am from Sofia, Bulgaria. Our city has also joined this initiative so I included it.

LINE:  A lot of the changes you've made recently to the Weatherman page are notably more awkward, for no apparent reason. I'm not particularly concerned about the changes in some adjectives surrounding how some organizations and events are characterized, but at the same time you rearranged sentences to read quite poorly. Plus you seem to get really carried away with wikilinking (do readers really need a link to know what a bomb is?!).

CORRECTED:  A lot of the changes you have made recently to the Weatherman page are notable more awkward , for no apparent reason .
I am not particularly concerned about the changes in some adjectives surrounding how some organizations and events are characterized , but at the same time you rearranged sentences to read quite poorly .
Plus you seem to get really carried away with wikilinking ( do readers really need a link to know what a bomb is ? ! ) . 

ISPELL:  A lot of the changes you've made recently to the Weatherman page are notably more awkward, for no apparent reason. I'm not particularly concerned about the changes in some adjectives surrounding how some organizations and events are characterized, but at the same time you rearranged sentences to read quite poorly. Plus you seem to get really carried away with Wiki linking (do readers really need a link to know what a bomb is?!).

LINE:  Oh hey, a response. That's cool. I personally feel that having the fortitude to call out TTN on his obvious flaws should warrant a few dozen Barnstars, but I see where you're coming from. If you insist on keeping the block, I would like to formally request the reason for this account's blocking to be changed to reflect the real reason instead of being noted as a common vandal. Maybe a reason along the lines of "being a pain in the ass" like that one guy on Nakon's talk page stated.

CORRECTED:  Oh hey , a response .
That is cool .
I personally feel that having the fortitude to call out TTN on his obvious flaws should warrant a few dozen Barnstars , but I see where you are coming from .
If you insist on keeping the block , I would like to formally request the reason for this account is blocking to be changed to reflect the real reason instead of being noted as a common sandal .
Maybe a reason along the lines of " being a pain in the ass " like that one guy on Nakon is talk page stated . 

ISPELL:  Oh hey, a response. That's cool. I personally feel that having the fortitude to call out TNT on his obvious flaws should warrant a few dozen Barn stars, but I see where you're coming from. If you insist on keeping the block, I would like to formally request the reason for this account's blocking to be changed to reflect the real reason instead of being noted as a common vandal. Maybe a reason along the lines of "being a pain in the ass" like that one guy on Nakon's talk page stated.

LINE:  oh thank you soooo much!! I didn't know. I PROMISE that i'll never ever do it again, ok?

CORRECTED:  oh thank you soooo much ! !
I did not know .
I PROMISE that i will never ever do it again , of ? 

ISPELL:  oh thank you soooo much!! I didn't know. I PROMISE that i'll never ever do it again, OK?

LINE:  for everyone's info (particularly admins), i believe the latest sock-puppet for Igor is . just a "heads up".

CORRECTED:  for everyone is into ( particularly admits ) , i believe the latest cock - puppets for or is .
just a " heads up " . 

ISPELL:  for everyone's info (particularly admits), i believe the latest sock-puppet for Igor is . just a "heads up".

LINE:  Re: "As of December 28, 2007 it is not possible to use gift cards to purchase MP3s even though the gift card FAQ claims "Yes, Amazon.com gift cards can be used to buy Amazon MP3 and Unbox downloads" " - strictly speaking, this is a false statement as were able to pay for orders with a gift card at that time. One person already removed that line but it was reverted. Is there a good way to go about providing verification?

CORRECTED:  Re : " As of December 28 , 2007 it is not possible to use gift cards to purchase MP3s even though the gift card FAQ claims " Yes , Amazon.com gift cards can be used to buy Amazon MP3 and Unbox download " " - strictly speaking , this is a false statement as were able to pay for orders with a gift card at that time .
One person already removed that line
but it was reverted .
Is there a good way to go about providing verifications ? 

ISPELL:  Re: "As of December 28, 2007 it is not possible to use gift cards to purchase AMP3s even though the gift card FAQ claims "Yes, Amazon.coma gift cards can be used to buy Amazon AMP3 and UN box downloads" " - strictly speaking, this is a false statement as were able to pay for orders with a gift card at that time. One person already removed that line but it was reverted. Is there a good way to go about providing verification?

LINE:  No it's not "useful information about the topic" and it's a good idea. Only 1 screenshot is allowed per game, at most 2 if they really relay something.

CORRECTED:  No it is not " useful information about the topic " and it is a good idea .
Only 1 screenshot is allowed per game , at most 2 if they really rely something . 

ISPELL:  No it's not "useful information about the topic" and it's a good idea. Only 1 screen shot is allowed per game, at most 2 if they really relay something.

LINE:  try passing illegaly the border from USA to mexico... you'll end in prison too, but the're no communists there

CORRECTED:  try passing illegal the border from USA to mexico ...
you all end in prison too , but there no communists there 

ISPELL:  try passing illegally the border from USA to Mexico... you'll end in prison too, but the're no communists there

LINE:  We all know that. just about everyone here watches the updates. Theres a REASON they aren't listed.  Complaints

CORRECTED:  We all know that .
just about everyone here watches the updates .
There s a REASON they are not listed .
 Complaints 

ISPELL:  We all know that. just about everyone here watches the updates. There's a REASON they aren't listed.  Complaints

LINE:  I've been though the article. It's simply untrue that only men are "consistently" referred to a Jews but womabn and children are not. Many passages refer generally to "Jews", clearly meaning men, woman and children. Only one sentence corresponds to your criticism: "The screening of the population, however resulted in 13 Jews, 27 Jewish women and 11 Jewish children, of which 13 Jews and 19 Jewish women were shot in co-operation with the Security Service." This particular sentence should be rewritten. I'll just do it, but the sentence itself is grammatically confusing, so whoever wrote it may wish to check that I understood it correctly.

CORRECTED:  I have been though the article .
It is simply untrue that only men are " consistently " referred to a Jews but woman and children are not .
Many passages refer generally to " Jews " , clearly meaning men , woman and children .
Only one sentence corresponds to your criticism : " The screening of the population , however resulted in 13 Jews , 27 Jewish women and 11 Jewish children , of which 13 Jews and 19 Jewish women were shot in co - operation with the Security Service . "
This particular sentence should be rewritten .
I all just do it , but the sentence itself is grammatically confusing , so whoever wrote it may wish to check that I understood it correctly . 

ISPELL:  I've been though the article. It's simply untrue that only men are "consistently" referred to a Jews but woman and children are not. Many passages refer generally to "Jews", clearly meaning men, woman and children. Only one sentence corresponds to your criticism: "The screening of the population, however resulted in 13 Jews, 27 Jewish women and 11 Jewish children, of which 13 Jews and 19 Jewish women were shot in CEO-operation with the Security Service." This particular sentence should be rewritten. I'll just do it, but the sentence itself is grammatically confusing, so whoever wrote it may wish to check that I understood it correctly.

LINE:  Long time no shart!

CORRECTED:  Long time no art ! 

ISPELL:  Long time no hart!

LINE:  George W. Bush pretzel incident

CORRECTED:  George W. Bush pretzel incident 

ISPELL:  George W. Bush pretzels incident

LINE:  A Gift, in the hopes that you reconsider my indefinete block. A traditional food from the middle east, made best in afghanistan Metalman59

CORRECTED:  A Gift , in the hopes that you reconsider my indefinite block .
A traditional food from the middle east , made best in affghanistan Metalman59 

ISPELL:  A Gift, in the hopes that you reconsider my indefinite block. A traditional food from the middle east, made best in Afghanistan Metal man59

LINE:  I've said once, i say it again - if you don like thugstep that's you bizness. If you think that quite a range of refenreces to web-pages stays it non-notable you are welcome to tell it to admin for it to be deleted.

CORRECTED:  I have said once , i say it again - if you don like thugstep that is you bigness .
If you think that quite a range of refenreces to web - pages stays it non - notable you are welcome to tell it to admit for it to be delete . 

ISPELL:  I've said once, i say it again - if you don like thug step that's you bigness. If you think that quite a range of refenreces to web-pages stays it non-notable you are welcome to tell it to admit for it to be deleted.

LINE:  Excellent. And please don't damage your book on our account, for sure. It is an interesting question: Where was the camera? That's a fair question. To jump to the conclusion that it was "impossible" is ludicrous. But that's typical for the moonbats. The picture is useful for another reason, as it shows a similar relative position of the LEM and the antenna for this Apollo 14 flight as on that web page that argues about those objects in Apollo 12. In both cases, the antenna is at a 45 degree angle away from the LEM, and both the near photo and the distant photo on that website are consistent with each other, despite the website's claims to the contrary. The moonbats isolate on specific items as their "evidence", but the more one sees the broader picture, the more their phony arguments get shown up.

CORRECTED:  Excellent .
And please do not damage your book on our account , for sure .
It is an interesting question : Where was the camera ?
That is a fair question .
To jump to the conclusion that it was " impossible " is ludicrous .
But that is typical for the moonbats .
The picture is useful for another reason , as it shows a similar relative position of the LEM and the antenna for this Apollo 14 flight as on that web page that argues about those objects in Apollo 12 .
In both cases , the antenna is at a 45 degree angle away from the LEM , and both the near phoo and the distant phoo on that website are consistent with each other , despite the website as claims to the contrary .
The moonbats isolate on specific items as their " evidence " , but the more one sees the broader picture , the more their pony arguments get shown up . 

ISPELL:  Excellent. And please don't damage your book on our account, for sure. It is an interesting question: Where was the camera? That's a fair question. To jump to the conclusion that it was "impossible" is ludicrous. But that's typical for the moon bats. The picture is useful for another reason, as it shows a similar relative position of the ELM and the antenna for this Apollo 14 flight as on that web page that argues about those objects in Apollo 12. In both cases, the antenna is at a 45 degree angle away from the ELM, and both the near photo and the distant photo on that web site are consistent with each other, despite the website's claims to the contrary. The moon bats isolate on specific items as their "evidence", but the more one sees the broader picture, the more their phony arguments get shown up.

LINE:  DECT isn't really a new technology. It's a newer standard, but TDM/TDMA/FDMA digital telephones have been used for a lot longer than the life of DECT. DECT is itself a successor to CT2, Japan's PHS is very similar, and, of course, GSM, D-AMPS, and others have been extensively used across the world for a decade and a half. To suggest there are special health issues with DECT would most definitely be placing undue weight on the subject. DECT is considerably lower power than the analog systems it replaces, both during transmissions, and inherently because even when in use the TD nature of the system means the system isn't transmitting continuously.

CORRECTED:  DECT is not really a new technology .
It is a newer standard , but TDM / TDMA / FDMA digital telephone have been used for a lot longer than the life of DECT .
DECT is itself a successor to CT2 , Japan is PHS is very similar , and , of course , GSM , D - AMPS , and others have been extensively used across the world for a decade and a half .
To suggest there are special health issues with DECT would most definitely be placing undue weight on the subject .
DECT is considerably lower power than the analogy systems it replace , both during transmissions , and inherently because even when in use the TD nature of the system means the system is not transmitting continuously . 

ISPELL:  DEC isn't really a new technology. It's a newer standard, but TIM/DMA/DMA digital telephones have been used for a lot longer than the life of DEC. DEC is itself a successor to ACT2, Japan's PH is very similar, and, of course, GM, D-AMPS, and others have been extensively used across the world for a decade and a half. To suggest there are special health issues with DEC would most definitely be placing undue weight on the subject. DEC is considerably lower power than the analog systems it replaces, both during transmissions, and inherently because even when in use the LTD nature of the system means the system isn't transmitting continuously.

LINE:  As I believe I've said before, there is nothing wrong with there being a properly researched article about the health effects of low-power radio technology, and there being a link in the See also: section of this article to it. That article, of course, should look nothing like the section I yanked. There is nothing about DECT however that merits a special section on DECT's dangers, especially when - new technology or otherwise - there is no serious level of concern being expressed by anyone authoritative on this issue.

CORRECTED:  As I believe I have said before , there is nothing wrong with there being a properly researches article about the health effects of low - power radio technology , and there being a link in the See also : section of this article to it .
That article , of course , should look nothing like the section I yankee .
There is nothing about DECT however that merits a special section on DECT as dangers , especially when - new technology or otherwise - there is no serious level of concern being expressed by anyone authoritative on this issue . 

ISPELL:  As I believe I've said before, there is nothing wrong with there being a properly researched article about the health effects of low-power radio technology, and there being a link in the See also: section of this article to it. That article, of course, should look nothing like the section I yanked. There is nothing about DEC however that merits a special section on DECT's dangers, especially when - new technology or otherwise - there is no serious level of concern being expressed by anyone authoritative on this issue.

LINE:  Thanks Stephan, my interpretation is that Mr_Nice_Guy removed the content before discussing it on the talk page, if he was concerned about contents reliability, I thought I read that editors are supposed to bring it up in discussion first and reach a consensus instead of deleting sourced material.

CORRECTED:  Thanks Stephan , my interpretation is that Mr_Nice_Guy removed the content before discussing it on the talk page , if he was concerned about contents reliability , I thought I read that editors are supposed to bring it up in discussion first and reach a consensus instead of deleting source material . 

ISPELL:  Thanks Stephan, my interpretation is that Mr_Nice_Guy removed the content before discussing it on the talk page, if he was concerned about contents reliability, I thought I read that editors are supposed to bring it up in discussion first and reach a consensus instead of deleting soured material.

LINE:  Palmisano playing for Iowa State in the 1970s is a free pass, I think; I'm pretty sure they were Division I then. As far as a list of coaches go, I'm not sure that's an articleworthy list at that level of competition (as opposed to it being folded into a general Malone College Athletics article), but I wouldn't file an AfD over it; it's a compromise, anyway. Seeing as you're digging into uncovering notability for those folks, want a full week for it?

CORRECTED:  Palmisano playing for Iowa State in the 1970s is a free pass , I think ; I am pretty sure they were
Division
I then .
As far as a list of coaches go , I am not sure that is an articleworthy list at that level of competition ( as opposed to it being folded into a general alone College Athletics article ) , but I would not file an AfD over it ; it is a compromise , anyway .
Seeing as you are digging into uncovering notability for those folks , want a full week for it ? 

ISPELL:  Palmisano playing for Iowa State in the 1970s is a free pass, I think; I'm pretty sure they were Division I then. As far as a list of coaches go, I'm not sure that's an article worthy list at that level of competition (as opposed to it being folded into a general Malone College Athletics article), but I wouldn't file an Fad over it; it's a compromise, anyway. Seeing as you're digging into uncovering not ability for those folks, want a full week for it?

LINE:  In accordance with the rules on this, I hereby notify you of our/my objection to your proposed deletion of the subject article Office of the Court Administrator v. Floro, Jr..

CORRECTED:  In accordance with the rules on this , I hereby notify you of our / my objection to your proposed deletion of the subject article Office of the Court Administrator i Floro , or .. 

ISPELL:  In accordance with the rules on this, I hereby notify you of our/my objection to your proposed deletion of the subject article Office of the Court Administrator v. Floor, Jr..

LINE:  Barnes Aus 1 1 8

CORRECTED:  Barnes is 1 1 8 

ISPELL:  Bares Anus 1 1 8

LINE:  It makes no difference to the validity of edits if an editor is "anon", and going around reverting a persons edits en masse (because you didn't like one of them) will yield time-consuming problems for you.

CORRECTED:  It makes no difference to the validity of exit if an editor is " anon " , and going around reverting a persons exits en masse ( because you did not like one of them ) will yield time - consuming problems for you . 

ISPELL:  It makes no difference to the validity of edits if an editor is "anon", and going around reverting a persons edits Ben massed (because you didn't like one of them) will yield time-consuming problems for you.

LINE:  Hi nice of everyone to listen,well ive been here for about 9years ,have had afew problems,but two have been the worst,had a mamogram 2years ago dec2012said to call my doctor emediatly needed other views an presedgures,was incounculsive ,,we all no that not possable fir that cause its just like an xray .havent been able to go,have no way,to get there plus i have high blood pressure thets been running about ,the last time was ,,,Around 204over 173 i no thats very high ,the hospital xray techs seceritary said if i didnt get to the doc. To get referral as soon as possible that by the time i did it would be to late to do any thing for me. I no its to late all i want is to no how long i have left ,have 3daughters one in opelousas la,one in hawiyei,one in walker la,i would like to see be fore i die.have a partner i want too spend as much of what i have left with i love my kids an partnermore than life its self,im looking for some help to get to a doctor i dont have the money to do this,have no income to speak of zero ,my partner and i are seperated right now he is helping his father that has cancer also ,he has a lawsute from getting hurt ,he just bought a truck from his brouther an has had to do alot of fixing on it also with the help of his dAd ,let his neffews daughter drive it an hour ago cause she just hot her license an wrecked it comepletly now we dont have a vihicile to help us,everyone says god dont give u anything you cant handle i understand that,but i need some help does any one out there. That may be could help me with anything at all,just thought id try to ask,never have asked before ,to much pride but im running out of time ..please can so one help me..my email is apriljohnson6868@gmail.com or this site,,please need so help if anyone can..god blesss everyone in there time of need. I hope someone may be able to help me thank you for lissen to me.my age also is 43sept 21 1971.

CORRECTED:  Hi nice of everyone to listen , well i i been here for about years , have had few problems , but two have been the worst , had a mamogram
years ago dec2012said to call my doctor emediatly needed other views an presedgures , was incounculsive , , we all no that not possible fir that cause its just like an ray .havent been able to go , have no way , to get there
plus i have high blood pressure thews been running about , the last time was , , ,
Around 204over 173 i
no
that s very high , the hospital ray techs seceritary said if i did nt get to the do .
To get referral as soon as possible that by the time i did it would be to late to do any thing for me .
I
no its to late all i want is to no
how long i have left , have daughters one in opelousas la , one in hawiyei , one in walker la , i would like to see be fore
i die.have a partner i want too spend as much of what i have left with
i love my kids an partnermore than life its self , i looking for some help to get to a doctor
i do nt have the money to do this , have no income to speak of her , my partner
and i are seperated right now he is helping his father that has cancer also
, he has a lawsute from getting hurt , he just bought a truck from his brother an has had to do not of fixing on it also with the help of his dAd , let his neffews daughter drive it an hour ago cause she just hot her license an wrecked it comepletly now
we do nt have a vihicile to help us , everyone says god do nt give a anything you ca nt handle
i understand that , but i need some help does any one out there .
That may be could help me with anything at all , just thought i d try to ask , never have asked before , to much pride
but i m running out of time ..
please can so one help me ..
my email is apriljohnson6868@gmail.com or this site,,please need so help if anyone can ..
god bless everyone in there time of need .
I hope someone may be able to help me thank you for listen to me.my age also is 43sept 21 1971 . 

ISPELL:  Hi nice of everyone to listen,well dive been here for about 9years ,have had few problems,but two have been the worst,had a mamogram 2years ago Dec2012said to call my doctor emediatly needed other views an presedgures,was incounculsive ,,we all no that not passable fir that cause its just like an ray .haven't been able to go,have no way,to get there plus i have high blood pressure thefts been running about ,the last time was ,,,Around 204over 173 i no thats very high ,the hospital ray tech seceritary said if i didn't get to the Doc. To get referral as soon as possible that by the time i did it would be to late to do any thing for me. I no its to late all i want is to no how long i have left ,have 3daughters one in opelousas la,one in hawiyei,one in walker la,i would like to see be fore i die.have a partner i want too spend as much of what i have left with i love my kids an partner more than life its self,aim looking for some help to get to a doctor i don't have the money to do this,have no income to speak of zero ,my partner and i are separated right now he is helping his father that has cancer also ,he has a lawsute from getting hurt ,he just bought a truck from his brother an has had to do allot of fixing on it also with the help of his dad ,let his neffews daughter drive it an hour ago cause she just hot her license an wrecked it comepletly now we don't have a vihicile to help us,everyone says god don't give u anything you cant handle i understand that,but i need some help does any one out there. That may be could help me with anything at all,just thought id try to ask,never have asked before ,to much pride but aim running out of time ..please can so one help me..my email is April Johnson6868@mail.coma or this site,,please need so help if anyone can..god blesses everyone in there time of need. I hope someone may be able to help me thank you for lessen to me.my age also is 43sept 21 1971.

LINE:  Prof. Hancock's studies mention that the Romani people are most closely related to the Punjabis and Rajputs, I'm pretty sure - not Rajasthanis. He calls Proto-Romani "Rajputic." The distinction is important; if they are partly descended from Rajputs, who were never really confined to any one part of India, that would explain the linguistic variation within the Indic words in Romani.

CORRECTED:  Prof . Hancock as studies mention that the Romani people are most closely related to the Punjabis and Rajputs , I am pretty sure - not Rajasthanis .
He calls Proto - Romani " Rajputic . "
The distinction is important ; if they are partly descended from Rajputs , who were never really confined to any one part of India , that would explain the linguistic variation within the Indic words in Romani . 

ISPELL:  Prof. Hancock's studies mention that the Romania people are most closely related to the Punjabis and Rajputs, I'm pretty sure - not Rajasthanis. He calls Pronto-Romania "Rajputic." The distinction is important; if they are partly descended from Rajputs, who were never really confined to any one part of India, that would explain the linguistic variation within the Indict words in Romania.

LINE:  For example, why the use of "-o" instead of "-aa" at the end of masculine nouns/adjectives in Romani? This is certainly a characteristic of Gujarati and Sindhi, but is it a characteristic of Rajasthani languages? Anyway, if I'm wrong in making the last change I made as of now, I'll be happy to revert it myself.

CORRECTED:  For example , why the use of " to " instead of " -aa " at the end of masculine noun / adjectives in Romani ?
This is certainly a characteristic of Gujarati and Sindhi , but is it a characteristic of Rajasthani languages ?
Anyway , if I am wrong in making the last change I made as of now , I all be happy to every it myself . 

ISPELL:  For example, why the use of "-o" instead of "-Ada" at the end of masculine nouns/adjectives in Romania? This is certainly a characteristic of Gujarati and Sindhi, but is it a characteristic of Rajasthani languages? Anyway, if I'm wrong in making the last change I made as of now, I'll be happy to revert it myself.

LINE:  IF you would care to discuss SPECIFICALLY what is bias, incorrectly cited, or irrelevant to this page. I will hear what you have to say. Until then, seeing as the search term "NDAA" brings readers to this page, I will continue to include present information reguarding this BUDGET BILL. This is the LAST TIME I will repeat this. Abusing your power will yield you no ground.

CORRECTED:  IF you would care to discuss SPECIFICALLY what is bias , incorrectly cited , or irrelevant to this page .
I will hear what you have to say .
Until then , seeing as the search term " NDAA " brings readers to this page , I will continue to include present information regarding this BUDGET BILL .
This is the LAST TIME I will repeat this .
Abusing your power will yield you no ground . 

ISPELL:  IF you would care to discuss SPECIFICALLY what is bias, incorrectly cited, or irrelevant to this page. I will hear what you have to say. Until then, seeing as the search term "NCAA" brings readers to this page, I will continue to include present information regarding this BUDGET BILL. This is the LAST TIME I will repeat this. Abusing your power will yield you no ground.

LINE:  At Bookfinder.com I found Probabilistic Reasoning in Intelligent Systems: Networks of Plausible Inference

CORRECTED:  At Bookfinder.com I found Probabilistic Reasoning in Intelligent Systems : Networks of Plausible Inference 

ISPELL:  At Bookbinder.coma I found Probabilistic Reasoning in Intelligent Systems: Networks of Plausible Inference

LINE:  Softcover, ISBN: 1558604790 Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Pub, 1988

CORRECTED:  Softcover , ISBN : 1558604790
Publisher :
organ Kaufmann Pub , 1988 

ISPELL:  Soft cover, ISBN: 1558604790 Publisher: Morgan Kaufmann Pub, 1988

LINE:  The two big things would be citation to verify that it was serialized in the Weekly one (reliable sites in English just say Shonen Jump), but since you have the one that starts serialization, that can be used to note when it started serialization. If they mention there that its a continuation from the one-shot stories because I can't find any RS, Japanese or English, online that confirms that. The other is Horii's reason for adding mini-medals. Info on the anime about what it was based on if its mentioned is all that is really needed for the main article, but could really help the anime article itself.Jinnai

CORRECTED:  The two big things would be citation to verily that it was serialized in the Weekly one ( reliable sites in English just say Shonen Jump ) , but since you have the one that starts serialization , that can be used to note when it started serialization .
If they mention there that its a continuation from the one - shot stories because I ca not find any RS , Japanese or English , online that confirms that .
The other is Horii is reason for adding mine - medals .
Info on the aim about what it was based on if its mentioned is all that is really needed for the main article , but could really help the aim article itself.Jinnai 

ISPELL:  The two big things would be citation to verify that it was serialized in the Weekly one (reliable sites in English just say Shone Jump), but since you have the one that starts serialization, that can be used to note when it started serialization. If they mention there that its a continuation from the one-shot stories because I can't find any HRS, Japanese or English, online that confirms that. The other is Horii's reason for adding mini-medals. Info on the anise about what it was based on if its mentioned is all that is really needed for the main article, but could really help the anise article itself.Jinnai

LINE:  No, nothing like that. I just wanted to clean out the clutter. There were a lot of bot comments, a welcome message for my old username, and so on. I could have archived it, I suppose, but I didn't think there was anything on there that was particularly worth saving for the ages.

CORRECTED:  No , nothing like that .
I just wanted to clean out the utter .
There were a lot of but comments , a welcome message for my old username , and so on .
I could have archive it , I suppose , but I did not think there was anything on there that was particularly worth saving for the ages . 

ISPELL:  No, nothing like that. I just wanted to clean out the clutter. There were a lot of blot comments, a welcome message for my old user name, and so on. I could have archived it, I suppose, but I didn't think there was anything on there that was particularly worth saving for the ages.

LINE:  user Baki66 keeps reverting edits without consensus or giving reason, he has also performed ethnic mudslinging in my direction. please help.

CORRECTED:  user Baki66 keeps reverting exits without consensus or giving reason , he has also performed ethni mudslinging in my direction .
please help . 

ISPELL:  user Bali66 keeps reverting edits without consensus or giving reason, he has also performed ethnic mudslinging in my direction. please help.

LINE:  Im flattered, I truly am, I've been here a couple of weeks and you consider me to be an established user. Please don't talk about me behind my back like little school children.

CORRECTED:  I m flattered , I truly am , I have been here a couple of weeks
and you consider me to be an established user .
Please do not talk about me behind my back like little school children . 

ISPELL:  Aim flattered, I truly am, I've been here a couple of weeks and you consider me to be an established user. Please don't talk about me behind my back like little school children.

LINE:  And what's the problem with "neo"? : :

CORRECTED:  And what is the problem with " no " ?  :   :  

ISPELL:  And what's the problem with "Nero"? : :

LINE:  The name derives from pandur, a Sumerian term for long-necked lutes. Source of our knowledge about this instrument is since the ancient Greek Mantineia marble (4th century BC), now exhibited at National Archaeological Museum of Athens, depicting the mythical contest between Apollo and Marsyas, where Greek Pandouris is being played by a muse seated on a rock.National Archaeological Museum of Athens, e-book by Latsis Foundation, p.346 Lutes have been present in ancient Greece.Pandura, the first appearance in Greece. They were also present in Mesopotamia since the Akkadian era, or the third millennium BCE.

CORRECTED:  The name derives from pandur , a Sumerian term for long - necked lute .
Source of our knowledge about this instrument is since the ancient Greek Mantineia marble ( th century BC ) , now exhibited at National Archaeological Museum of Athens , depicting the mythical contest between Apollo and Marsyas , where Greek Pandouris is being played by a muse seated on a rock .
National Archaeological Museum of Athens , e - book by Latsis Foundation
, p.346 mutes have been present in ancient Greece .
Pandura , the first appearance in Greece .
They were also present in Mesopotamia since the Akkadian era , or the third millennium BCE . 

ISPELL:  The name derives from pander, a Sumerian term for long-necked lutes. Source of our knowledge about this instrument is since the ancient Greek Mantineia marble (4th century NBC), now exhibited at National Archaeological Museum of Athens, depicting the mythical contest between Apollo and Marsyas, where Greek Pandouris is being played by a muse seated on a rock.National Archaeological Museum of Athens, e-book by Latsis Foundation, p.346 Lutes have been present in ancient Greece.Pandora, the first appearance in Greece. They were also present in Mesopotamia since the Akkadian era, or the third millennium BE.

LINE:  I accept your comment in the spirit in which it is offered. Terminology matters and it can be hard to find the correct word. It was another editor who sought to distinguish "civilised behaviour" from that of Indians; my point was that even if one accepts such a distinction, non-Indians have committed absurdly large atrocities. In addition, I could have pointed to the Mystic massacre as a completely on-point example of a butchery that shocked our Native population. None-the-less, both tribal Mongols and tribal American Indians had or have civilizations by any reasonable definition.

CORRECTED:  I accept your comment in the spirit in which it is offered .
Terminology matters and it can be hard to find the correct word .
It was another editor who sought to distinguish " civilised behaviour " from that of Indians ; my point was that even if one accepts such a distinction , non - Indians have committed absurdly large atrocities .
In addition , I could have pointed to the Mystic massacre as a completely on - point example of a butchery that shocked our Native population .
None - the - less , both trial Mongols and trial American Indians had or have civilizations by any reasonable definition . 

ISPELL:  I accept your comment in the spirit in which it is offered. Terminology matters and it can be hard to find the correct word. It was another editor who sought to distinguish "civilized behavior" from that of Indians; my point was that even if one accepts such a distinction, non-Indians have committed absurdly large atrocities. In addition, I could have pointed to the Mystic massacre as a completely on-point example of a butchery that shocked our Native population. None-the-less, both tribal Mongols and tribal American Indians had or have civilizations by any reasonable definition.

LINE:  No I dont agree, my info will be saying up. Since you are in such a hurry to edit the page why dont you fix the info that have you have sourced with a broken link ( )

CORRECTED:  No I do nt agree , my into will be saying up .
Since you are in such a hurry to exit the page why do nt you fix the into that have you have source with a broken link ( ) 

ISPELL:  No I don't agree, my info will be saying up. Since you are in such a hurry to edit the page why don't you fix the info that have you have soured with a broken link ( )

LINE:  I thought personal attacks were welcome, as long as you revert them yourself, and I thought restoring/mentioning them was grounds for an indef block? could our junior miss admin have missinformed me?I have arrived just in time

CORRECTED:  I thought personal attacks were welcome , as long as you every them yourself , and I thought restoring / mentioning them was grounds for an index block ?
could our junior miss adin have misinformed me?I have arrived just in time 

ISPELL:  I thought personal attacks were welcome, as long as you revert them yourself, and I thought restoring/mentioning them was grounds for an index block? could our junior miss admit have misinformed me?I have arrived just in time

LINE:  Im surprised this article isn't being called anti-semetic, because it's has a *few* traces of Islamic perspectives in it. You know, as opposed to being a piece of Zionist propaganda being passed off as fair and balanced.

CORRECTED:  I m surprised this article is not being called anti - emetic , because it as has a * few * traces of Islamic perspectives in it .
You know , as opposed to being a piece of Zionist propaganda being passed off as fair and balanced . 

ISPELL:  Aim surprised this article isn't being called anti-semitic, because it's has a *few* traces of Islamic perspectives in it. You know, as opposed to being a piece of Zionist propaganda being passed off as fair and balanced.

LINE:  This entire article is full of baseless jewish propaganda. It is well documented the Banu Qurayza were executed for treason. That is what merited them the death penalty, that they commited treason. The Quarash and other tribes the Muslims fought against were outright enemies who were persecuting them from the start. But the Qurayza signed a peace treaty, then broke it by aiding the enemy. This article contains soo much jewish propaganda that you'd think they were executed for no reason (which no doubt is their aim). Here is a great example. Look at this citation

CORRECTED:  This entire article is full of baseness jewish propaganda .
It is well documented the Banu Qurayza were executed for treason .
That is what merited them the death penalty , that they committed treason .
The Quarash and other tribes the Muslims fought against were outright enemies who were persecuting them from the start .
But the Qurayza signed a peace treaty , then broke it by hiding the enemy .
This article contains soo much jewish propaganda that you i think they were executed for no reason ( which no doubt is their aim ) .
Here is a great example .
Look at this citation 

ISPELL:  This entire article is full of baseless Jewish propaganda. It is well documented the Bantu Qurayza were executed for treason. That is what merited them the death penalty, that they committed treason. The Quarash and other tribes the Muslims fought against were outright enemies who were persecuting them from the start. But the Qurayza signed a peace treaty, then broke it by aiding the enemy. This article contains shoo much Jewish propaganda that you'd think they were executed for no reason (which no doubt is their aim). Here is a great example. Look at this citation

LINE:  According to Stillman, Muhammad chose Sa'd ibn Mua'dh so as not to pronounce the judgment himself after the precedents he had set with the Banu Qaynuqa and the Banu Nadir: "Sa`d took the hint and condemned the adult males to death and the hapless women and children to slavery." Furthermore, Stillman infers from Abu Lubaba's gesture that Muhammad had decided the fate of the Qurayza even before their surrender.

CORRECTED:  According to Stillman , Muhammad chose Sa'd in Mua'dh so as not to pronounce the judgment himself after the precedents he had set with the Banu Qaynuqa and the Banu Nadir : " Sa`d took the hint and condemned the adult males to death and the hapless women and children to slavery . "
Furthermore , Stillman infers from Abu Lubaba a gesture that Muhammad had decided the fate of the Qurayza even before their surrender . 

ISPELL:  According to Stallman, Muhammad chose Sa'd bin Mua'dh so as not to pronounce the judgment himself after the precedents he had set with the Bantu Qaynuqa and the Bantu Nadir: "GSA`d took the hint and condemned the adult males to death and the hapless women and children to slavery." Furthermore, Stallman infers from Abut Lubaba's gesture that Muhammad had decided the fate of the Qurayza even before their surrender.

LINE:  This author is Norman A Stillman, a Zionist Jew who is very biased. Why is he being used as a quote in an Islamic article? And further more, why is his baseless conjecture allowed to be used, as if it's a fact?

CORRECTED:  This author is Norman A Stillman , a Zionist Jew who is very biased .
Why is he being used as a quote in an Islamic article ?
And further more , why is his baseness conjecture allowed to be used , as if it is a fact ? 

ISPELL:  This author is Norman A Stallman, a Zionist Jew who is very biased. Why is he being used as a quote in an Islamic article? And further more, why is his baseless conjecture allowed to be used, as if it's a fact?

LINE:  There are articles for "Criticisms of Islam" where the Jews and others can write whatever they want. But they should have no hand in editing Islamic articles. Because I looked up the Jewish articles and I noticed they dont allow dissent there. You cant put a Muslim perspective on evil acts commited by Jews, without it disappearing instantly. So the same standard MUST be applied to Islamic articles. Islamic articles must be written from the Islamic point of view, and the jews can write their responses in appropriate "criticisms of Islam" articles. If not, I will personally edit the Jewish articles and fill them with my conjectures about their history. And I will find a non-Jewish admin to arbitrate over the Islamic articles.

CORRECTED:  There are articles for " Criticisms of elam " where the Jews and others can write whatever they want .
But they should have no hand in editing Islamic articles .
Because I looked up the Jewish articles
and I noticed they do nt allow dissent there .
You ca nt put a Muslim perspective on evil acts committed by Jews , without it disappearing instantly .
So the same standard MUST be applied to Islamic articles .
Islamic articles must be written from the Islamic point of view , and the jews can write their responses in appropriate " criticisms of elam " articles .
If not , I will personally exit the Jewish articles and fill them with my conjectures about their history .
And I will find a non - Jewish adin to arbitrate over the Islamic articles . 

ISPELL:  There are articles for "Criticisms of Islam" where the Jews and others can write whatever they want. But they should have no hand in editing Islamic articles. Because I looked up the Jewish articles and I noticed they don't allow dissent there. You cant put a Muslim perspective on evil acts committed by Jews, without it disappearing instantly. So the same standard MUST be applied to Islamic articles. Islamic articles must be written from the Islamic point of view, and the Jews can write their responses in appropriate "criticisms of Islam" articles. If not, I will personally edit the Jewish articles and fill them with my conjectures about their history. And I will find a non-Jewish admit to arbitrate over the Islamic articles.

LINE:  Please read this talk page, specifically all of the places where "treason" or "traitor" is mentioned, and if you still believe that we need to mention treason, provide some reliable sources and we can discuss it. It is easy for our article to be neutral and mention all POVs, but it does require that people like yourself participate. We work from academic sources, not personal conjecture.

CORRECTED:  Please read this talk page , specifically all of the places where " treason " or " traitor " is mentioned , and if you still believe that we need to mention treason , provide some reliable sources and we can discuss it .
It is easy for our article to be neutral and mention all POVs , but it does require that people like yourself participate .
We work from academic sources , not personal conjecture . 

ISPELL:  Please read this talk page, specifically all of the places where "treason" or "traitor" is mentioned, and if you still believe that we need to mention treason, provide some reliable sources and we can discuss it. It is easy for our article to be neutral and mention all Pods, but it does require that people like yourself participate. We work from academic sources, not personal conjecture.

LINE:  Changes by Devotus and issues with them

CORRECTED:  Changes by Devotus and issues with them 

ISPELL:  Changes by Devotes and issues with them

LINE:  Bat Yeor and Ramadan - while I appreciate that you don't try you shift the balance - removing a book from "each side" - I do not agree with your removal. Bat Yeor is an academic scholar and though her books are controversial, she is not beyond the pale - currently she doesn't serve as a reference in the article but if she did, the controversy would be noted. As for Ramadan I have issues with him as well but if we remove him from the literature section, we would have to remove him from the article too, in which he serves as a reference. This is due to the insistence of sins. He will certainly not like such a removal. We cannot remove him from the literature section while retaining him in the article.

CORRECTED:  Bat poor and Ramadan - while I appreciate that you do not try you shift the balance - removing a book from " each side "
- I do not agree with your removal .
Bat poor is an academic scholar and though her books are controversial , she is not beyond the pale - currently she does not serve as a reference in the article but if she did , the controversy would be noted .
As for Ramadan I have issues with him as well
but if we remove him from the literature section , we would have to remove him from the article too , in which he serves as a reference .
This is due to the insistence of sins .
He will certainly not like such a removal .
We can not remove him from the literature section while retaining him in the article . 

ISPELL:  Bat Year and Ramada - while I appreciate that you don't try you shift the balance - removing a book from "each side" - I do not agree with your removal. Bat Year is an academic scholar and though her books are controversial, she is not beyond the pale - currently she doesn't serve as a reference in the article but if she did, the controversy would be noted. As for Ramada I have issues with him as well but if we remove him from the literature section, we would have to remove him from the article too, in which he serves as a reference. This is due to the insistence of sins. He will certainly not like such a removal. We cannot remove him from the literature section while retaining him in the article.

LINE:  While your first version was needlessly verbose ("it is to be noted that"), the new one endorses that view by Paret/Watt. The article now says that the BQ were not killed for religious reasons - that is not a fact, since there is a good case that the whole conflict was caused by religious differences.

CORRECTED:  While your first version was needlessly verbose ( " it is to be noted that " ) , the new one endorses that view by Paret / Watt .
The article now says that the BQ were not killed for religious reasons - that is not a fact , since there is a good case that the whole conflict was caused by religious differences . 

ISPELL:  While your first version was needlessly verbose ("it is to be noted that"), the new one endorses that view by Parent/Watt. The article now says that the BE were not killed for religious reasons - that is not a fact, since there is a good case that the whole conflict was caused by religious differences.

LINE:  At the time of writing this, Sarita's TNA iMPACT debut is coming up, and she'll be wrestling one, "Alyssa Flash" (note I might be spelling Alyssa wrong). I see her nowhere on the list.

CORRECTED:  At the time of writing this , Sarita as TNA iMPACT debt is coming up , and she all be wrestling one , " Alyssa Flash " ( note I might be spelling Alyssa wrong ) .
I see her nowhere on the list . 

ISPELL:  At the time of writing this, Sarita's TUNA impact debut is coming up, and she'll be wrestling one, "Alyssa Flash" (note I might be spelling Alyssa wrong). I see her nowhere on the list.

LINE:  Roma people in Hungary: 8-10%

CORRECTED:  Roma people in Hungary : 8 - 10 % 

ISPELL:  Aroma people in Hungary: 8-10%

LINE:  the appalling social and economic situation of the Roma, who account for between 8 and 10 percent of Hungary's 10 million people that means 800,000-1,000,000.

CORRECTED:  the appalling social and economic situation of the Roma , who account for between 8 and 10 percent of Hungary as 10 million people that means 800,000 - 1,000,000 . 

ISPELL:  the appalling social and economic situation of the Aroma, who account for between 8 and 10 percent of Hungary's 10 million people that means 800,000-1,000,000.

LINE:  In addition, I am asking that you please stop accusing me of things I havent done. I do not what what sock puppeting is and I think your taking this matter personally and abusing your power.

CORRECTED:  In addition , I am asking that you please stop accusing me of things I have nt done .
I do not what what cock puppeting is
and I think your taking this matter personally and abusing your power . 

ISPELL:  In addition, I am asking that you please stop accusing me of things I haven't done. I do not what what sock puppeting is and I think your taking this matter personally and abusing your power.

LINE:  It has been up before but here it is again, Phil Plait claimed in a radio program with Joe Rogan that ALL shuttle astronauts who has ever gone into space has been through the van allen belts, at 6 min: .youtube.com/watch?v=tvIC1QDSnIc

CORRECTED:  It has been up before but here it is again , Phil Plait claimed in a radio program with Joe logan that ALL shuttle astronauts who has ever gone into space has been through the van allon belt , at 6 in : .youtube.com / watch?v = tvIC1QDSnIc 

ISPELL:  It has been up before but here it is again, Phil Plait claimed in a radio program with Joe Organ that ALL shuttle astronauts who has ever gone into space has been through the van Allen belts, at 6 main: .YouTube.coma/watch?v=Vic1QDSnIc

LINE:  If thats not misleading propaganda i dunno what is... his website should be removed as a source

CORRECTED:  If that s not misleading propaganda i dunno what is ...
his website should be removed as a source 

ISPELL:  If thats not misleading propaganda i Dunne what is... his web site should be removed as a source

LINE:  The are problems with the sfc t record. There are no credible sci challenges to it. This new section is absurdly US-centered, it cannot possibly stand as it it. This is the *global* record we're talking about. You need some credible scientific papers, not pictures of stations. As far as I know, the sfcstations stuff has merely documented problems with some station sitings and maintenance, etc. There is not even the beginning of an attempt at quantifying what influence, plus or minus, this might have on the record. If you're interested, there are papers about the effects of switching from north-wall screens to stevenson screens; thatched huts in africa; etc etc

CORRECTED:  The are problems with the saw t record .
There are no credible si challenges to it .
This new section is absurdly US - centered , it can not possibly stand as it it .
This is the * global * record we are talking about .
You need some credible scientific papers , not pictures of stations .
As far as I know , the sfcstations stuff has merely documented problems with some station sings and maintenance , etc .
There is not even the beginning of an attempt at quantifying what influence , plus or minus , this might have on the record .
If you are interested , there are papers about the effects of switching from north - wall screens to stevenson screens ; thatched huts in africa ; etc etc 

ISPELL:  The are problems with the RFC t record. There are no credible SCSI challenges to it. This new section is absurdly US-centered, it cannot possibly stand as it it. This is the *global* record we're talking about. You need some credible scientific papers, not pictures of stations. As far as I know, the sfcstations stuff has merely documented problems with some station siftings and maintenance, etc. There is not even the beginning of an attempt at quantifying what influence, plus or minus, this might have on the record. If you're interested, there are papers about the effects of switching from north-wall screens to Stevenson screens; thatched huts in Africa; etc etc

LINE:  FlexPay Tax Law

CORRECTED:  FlexPay Tax Law 

ISPELL:  Flex Pay Tax Law

LINE:  Just a comment here. I'd be interested in seeing an expansion of this artcile regarding to the tax surrounding FlexPay accounts.

CORRECTED:  Just a comment here .
I i be interested in seeing an expansion of this artcile regarding to the tax surrounding FlexPay accounts . 

ISPELL:  Just a comment here. I'd be interested in seeing an expansion of this article regarding to the tax surrounding Flex Pay accounts.

LINE:  Najib Effendi al-Yasin

CORRECTED:  Najib Effendi al - basin 

ISPELL:  Najib Effendi Al-Basin

LINE:  I suggest not to use paragraph indentation in the article Najib Effendi al-Yasin which have recently created to reach a more normal looking page. Happy editting.

CORRECTED:  I suggest not to use paragraph indentation in the article Najib Effendi al - basin which have recently created to reach a more normal looking page .
Happy editing . 

ISPELL:  I suggest not to use paragraph indentation in the article Najib Effendi Al-Basin which have recently created to reach a more normal looking page. Happy editing.

LINE:  Lol, you know what i meant. Whichever president came before Hafez (i just new he was president before assad) has considerable foreground of support, in which his supports would have freaked out because of the coup. They would have claimed instability would arise, as assad's supporters are trying to use in their defense.

CORRECTED:  pol , you know what i meant .
Whichever president came before Hafez
( i just new he was president before assay ) has considerable foreground of support , in which his supports would have wreaked out because of the coup .
They would have claimed instability would arise , as assay as supporters are trying to use in their defence . 

ISPELL:  Loll, you know what i meant. Whichever president came before Hafiz (i just new he was president before Assad) has considerable foreground of support, in which his supports would have freaked out because of the coup. They would have claimed instability would arise, as assad's supporters are trying to use in their defense.

LINE:  What i am trying to say is that although Bashar assad had good economic and international policies for Syria, you should not fear a non-baathist potentially being elected. Syria's economic and international policies won't change (iran would still be a major factor in Syrian life considering the buisness deals stakes and cultural exchanges) , the only this that would change are social freedoms, and for the better. Also every country had a revolution and they are still alive today. The Muslim brotherhood in Syria is weak, even weaker than the islamist prescence in Libya. The rebels in Libya had 80-90% support, as we see now, and yet could hardly take control without NATO. What chance does the Syrian Muslim brotherhood have? None. If anything, nonviolent protests weaken the resolve of the Muslim brotherhood, making them less of an influence in the everyday life of Syrians. As you know I am pro Syria and Armenia, just not pro Assad. Unlike Armenia where people like Sargsyan and Kopcharyan were democratically elected, Assad was not (no one ran against him because they were not allowed).

CORRECTED:  What i am trying to say is that although Bashar assay had good economic and international police for Syria , you should not fear a non - baathist potentially being elected .
Syria is economic and international police wo nt change ( in would still be a major actor in Syrian life considering the buisness deals stakes and cultural exchange ) , the only this that would change are social freedom , and for the better .
Also every country had a revolution and they are still alive today .
The Muslim brotherhood in Syria is weak , even weaker than the islamist presence in Libya .
The rebels in Libya had 80 - 90 % support , as we see now , and yet could hardly take control without NATO .
What chance does the Syrian Muslim brotherhood have ?
None .
If anything , nonviolent protests weaken the resolve of the Muslim brotherhood , making them less of an influence in the everyday life of Syrians .
As you know I am pro Syria and Armenia , just not pro Assad .
Unlike Armenia where people like Sargsyan and Kopcharyan were democratically elected , Assad was not ( no one ran against him because they were not allowed ) . 

ISPELL:  What i am trying to say is that although Basher Assad had good economic and international policies for Syria, you should not fear a non-baathist potentially being elected. Syria's economic and international policies won't change (Iran would still be a major factor in Syrian life considering the business deals stakes and cultural exchanges) , the only this that would change are social freedoms, and for the better. Also every country had a revolution and they are still alive today. The Muslim brotherhood in Syria is weak, even weaker than the islamist prescience in Libya. The rebels in Libya had 80-90% support, as we see now, and yet could hardly take control without NATO. What chance does the Syrian Muslim brotherhood have? None. If anything, nonviolent protests weaken the resolve of the Muslim brotherhood, making them less of an influence in the everyday life of Syrians. As you know I am pro Syria and Armenian, just not pro Assad. Unlike Armenian where people like Sargsyan and Kopcharyan were democratically elected, Assad was not (no one ran against him because they were not allowed).

LINE:  CFR is a perfectly accurate source.

CORRECTED:  CFR is a perfectly accurate source . 

ISPELL:  CAR is a perfectly accurate source.

LINE:  The "Council On Foreign Relations" (CFR.ORG) is a recognized, legitimate think-tank that studies international terrorisim for the United Staes Govt. to claim they are "Not Credible" is idiotic.

CORRECTED:  The " Council On Foreign Relations " ( CFR.ORG ) is a recognized , legitimate think - man that studies international terrorisim for the United Staes Govt .
to claim they are " Not Credible " is idiotic . 

ISPELL:  The "Council On Foreign Relations" (CAR.BORG) is a recognized, legitimate think-tank that studies international terrorism for the United Stages Got. to claim they are "Not Credible" is idiotic.

LINE:  They are as legitimate as any online newspaper or other source. They have studied Northern Ireland, and compliled a list of UDA/UVF killed by the IRA/INLA, and vice versa. These facts are good and will be included in the article.

CORRECTED:  They are as legitimate as any online newspaper or other source .
They have studied Northern Ireland , and complied a list of UDA /
UVF killed by the IRA / INLA , and vice versa .
These facts are good and will be included in the article . 

ISPELL:  They are as legitimate as any online newspaper or other source. They have studied Northern Ireland, and compiled a list of USDA/UVF killed by the MIRA/INLAY, and vice versa. These facts are good and will be included in the article.

LINE:  If Serbia does recognise Abkhazia and South Ossetia, then I wouldn't be at all surprised if Georgia recognises Kosovo in retaliation.

CORRECTED:  If Serbia does recognise Abkhazia and South Ossetia , then I would not be at all surprised if Georgia recognise Kosovo in retaliation . 

ISPELL:  If Serbian does recognize Abkhazia and South Ossetia, then I wouldn't be at all surprised if Georgia recognizes Kosovo in retaliation.

LINE:  I found it under Chronological list of PC Engine games. I thought the release dates on that page were for Japan, since there is a seperate List of TurboGrafx-16 games. The change you made is ok though, since I see IGN has it listed that way.

CORRECTED:  I found it under Chronological list of PC Engine games .
I thought the release dates on that page were for Japan , since there is a separate List of TurboGrafx-16 games .
The change you made is a though , since I see IGN has it listed that way . 

ISPELL:  I found it under Chronological list of PC Engine games. I thought the release dates on that page were for Japan, since there is a separate List of TurboGrafx-16 games. The change you made is OK though, since I see SIGN has it listed that way.

LINE:  I agree. Fundamentally, whether you take it as a pill or through a patch or a ring, the key is that it's hormonal, so that should be the main article. At that point, oral contraceptive should either redirect to hormononal contraception, unles there is sufficient material to justify its existence.

CORRECTED:  I agree .
Fundamentally , whether you take it as a pill or through a patch or a ring , the key is that it is hormonal , so that should be the main article .
At that point , oral contraceptive should either redirect to hormononal contraception , unless there is sufficient material to justify its existence . 

ISPELL:  I agree. Fundamentally, whether you take it as a pill or through a patch or a ring, the key is that it's hormonal, so that should be the main article. At that point, oral contraceptive should either redirect to hormononal contraception, uncles there is sufficient material to justify its existence.

LINE:  That was so desterbing because of when i had to do a project in school i had to explain it wasnt Bill Gates from 20 years ago

CORRECTED:  That was so desterbing because of when i had to do a project in school
i had to explain it was nt Bill Gates from 20 years ago 

ISPELL:  That was so desterbing because of when i had to do a project in school i had to explain it wasn't Bill Gates from 20 years ago

LINE:  I am Batman. You are Spiderman. I win.

CORRECTED:  I am Batman .
You are Spiderman .
I win . 

ISPELL:  I am Boatman. You are Spiderman. I win.

LINE:  Good day. Can you search some sources for article Geometry of Love ? Probably this article contain interesting fact for DYK.

CORRECTED:  Good day .
Can you search some sources for article Geometry of Love ?
Probably this article contain interesting fact for DYK . 

ISPELL:  Good day. Can you search some sources for article Geometry of Love ? Probably this article contain interesting fact for DYKE.

LINE:  Exactly; I removed the section (again) before I noticed this posting. chen7754

CORRECTED:  Exactly ; I removed the section ( again ) before I noticed this hosting .
chen7754 

ISPELL:  Exactly; I removed the section (again) before I noticed this posting. Chen7754

LINE:  That's been the problem facing this article as well. I'd love to see this get to featured article status, but I keep running into the fact that there isn't really a whole lot of good verifiable info out there that is easily available, nor is it easy to come by a picture that is usable (though I suspect the one or two known images of him would fall under fair use). There are a couple of websites out there that basically regurgitate sections from McGregor's book. There is a certain irony in the fact that a guy who labored in anonymous solitude most of his life on a project he loved dearly died destitute and is not making several other people rather wealthy...

CORRECTED:  That i been the problem facing this article as well .
I i love to see this get to featured article status , but I keep running into the fact that there is not really a whole lot of good verifiable into out there that is easily available , nor is it easy to come by a picture that is able ( though I suspect the one or two known images of him would fall under fair use ) .
There are a couple of websites out there that basically regurgitate section from McGregor as book .
There is a certain irony in the fact that a guy who labored in anonymous solitude most of his life on a project he loved dearly died destitute and is not making several other people rather wealthy ... 

ISPELL:  That's been the problem facing this article as well. I'd love to see this get to featured article status, but I keep running into the fact that there isn't really a whole lot of good verifiable info out there that is easily available, nor is it easy to come by a picture that is usable (though I suspect the one or two known images of him would fall under fair use). There are a couple of web sites out there that basically regurgitate sections from McGregor's book. There is a certain irony in the fact that a guy who labored in anonymous solitude most of his life on a project he loved dearly died destitute and is not making several other people rather wealthy...

LINE:  You are a funney man.

CORRECTED:  You are a funny man . 

ISPELL:  You are a funny man.

LINE:  That admission begs the question "Is it better to punish adolescent boys if they are going to engage in bullying behaviour here, or extend them welcome?" /talk/

CORRECTED:  That admission begs the question " Is it better to punish adolescent boys if they are going to engage in bellying behaviour here , or extend them welcome ? "
/talk/ 

ISPELL:  That admission begs the question "Is it better to punish adolescent boys if they are going to engage in bullying behavior here, or extend them welcome?" /talk/

LINE:  Davkal, I agree with you, but would suggest that you don't discuss it or gloat because you know he will likely come back and start harassing agagin.

CORRECTED:  Davkal , I agree with you , but would suggest that you do not discuss it or gloat because you know he will likely come back and start harassing again . 

ISPELL:  Davkal, I agree with you, but would suggest that you don't discuss it or gloat because you know he will likely come back and start harassing again.

LINE:  This article already exists see Liger. Pro

CORRECTED:  This article already exists see tiger .
Pro 

ISPELL:  This article already exists see Linger. Pro

LINE:  Messages on talk pages during an AfD

CORRECTED:  Messages on talk pages during an AfD 

ISPELL:  Messages on talk pages during an Fad

LINE:  Placing messages on Users talk pages such as and in the hope of gaining support is an unacceptable practice which, agin, hinders the AfD process.

CORRECTED:  Placing messages on Users talk pages such as and in the hope of gaining support is an unacceptable practice which , agin , hinders the AfD process . 

ISPELL:  Placing messages on Users talk pages such as and in the hope of gaining support is an unacceptable practice which, Fagin, hinders the Fad process.

LINE:  i'd advise you to look the word up in a good dictionary, jay. mr townsley's marriage into an important business dynasty is obviously noteworthy, which is why it's noted prominently in the article linked to. cheers.

CORRECTED:  i i advise you to look the word up in a good dictionary , jay .
mr townsley as marriage into an important business dynasty is obviously noteworthy , which is why it is noted prominently in the article linked to .
cheers . 

ISPELL:  i'd advise you to look the word up in a good dictionary, jay. Mr townsley's marriage into an important business dynasty is obviously noteworthy, which is why it's noted prominently in the article linked to. cheers.

LINE:  Speaking without knowing what I'm talking about? OK, how 'bout this: the original comment I made about Everlast's entry constantly being vandalized by Eminem fans was written a month ago before your dumb ass got involved with the site. The feud started with the Dilated Peoples track. That's why I believed that the verse Everlast contributed should be in there (and still do). The jabs taken back and forth after that deserve a synopsis only. Your idiotic little comment about album sales was excessive and unnecessary. It belongs in there no more than the fact that everyone who knows both artists agrees that if they ever got into it, Everlast would knock the living shit outta Eminem. And THAT came off an Eminem fan site.

CORRECTED:  Speaking without knowing what I am talking about ?
OK , how but this : the original comment I made about Everlast as entry constantly being vandalized by Eminem fans was written a month ago before your dumb ass got involved with the site .
The feud started with the Dilated Peoples track .
That is why I believed that the verse Everlast contributed should be in there ( and still do ) .
The jews taken back and forth after that deserve a synopsis only .
Your idiotic little comment about algum sales was excessive and unnecessary .
It belongs in there no more than the fact that everyone who knows both artists agrees that if they ever got into it , Everlast would knock the living it butta Eminem .
And THAT came off an Eminem fan site . 

ISPELL:  Speaking without knowing what I'm talking about? OK, how 'bout this: the original comment I made about Everlast's entry constantly being vandalized by Eminem fans was written a month ago before your dumb ass got involved with the site. The feud started with the Dilated Peoples track. That's why I believed that the verse Ever last contributed should be in there (and still do). The jabs taken back and forth after that deserve a synopsis only. Your idiotic little comment about album sales was excessive and unnecessary. It belongs in there no more than the fact that everyone who knows both artists agrees that if they ever got into it, Ever last would knock the living shit out TA Eminem. And THAT came off an Eminem fan site.

LINE:  :You said: "I am determined that the page will not regress to this again, and I will delete anything inappropriate that jeopardizes the good progess that is now being made. A completely inappropriate post in the middle of a sensitive discussion threatens to do just that." The problem is that you are not the sole arbiter of this (or any) talk page. The post was innocuous and did not violate the conditions of the arbitration decision. Nor did it affect the flow of discussion on the page. In fact the most appropriate response would have been to just ignore it. By removing it you just encourage a reaction. You accuse me of wikilawyering, which is absurd. The guidelines are there to help us all. However, not only do you violate that guideline, but also several policies. It is this kind of heavy handed action that encourages people to persist with problem edits. It is a long-standing convention that we do not remove other users posts and in my three years here I have never seen it done when it wasn't vandalism. Unless you can give me a much better reason for not doing so, I am going to reinstate the deleted text.

CORRECTED:  : You said : " I am determined that the page will not regret to this again , and I will delete anything inappropriate that jeopardize the good profess that is now being made .
A completely inappropriate post in the middle of a sensitive discussion threatens to do just that . "
The problem is that you are not the sole arbiter of this ( or any ) talk page .
The post was innocuous and did not violate the conditions of the arbitration decision .
Nor did it affect the flow of discussion on the page .
In fact the most appropriate response would have been to just ignore it .
By removing it you just encourage a reaction .
You accuse me of wikilawyering , which is absurd .
The guidelines are there to help us all .
However , not only do you violate that guideline , but also several policie .
It is this kind of heavy handed action that encourage people to persist with problem exits .
It is a long - standing convention that we do not remove other users posts and in my three years here I have never seen it done when it was not vandalism .
Unless you can give me a much better reason for not doing so , I am going to reinstate the delete text . 

ISPELL:  :You said: "I am determined that the page will not regress to this again, and I will delete anything inappropriate that jeopardizes the good progress that is now being made. A completely inappropriate post in the middle of a sensitive discussion threatens to do just that." The problem is that you are not the sole arbiter of this (or any) talk page. The post was innocuous and did not violate the conditions of the arbitration decision. Nor did it affect the flow of discussion on the page. In fact the most appropriate response would have been to just ignore it. By removing it you just encourage a reaction. You accuse me of wikilawyering, which is absurd. The guidelines are there to help us all. However, not only do you violate that guideline, but also several policies. It is this kind of heavy handed action that encourages people to persist with problem edits. It is a long-standing convention that we do not remove other users posts and in my three years here I have never seen it done when it wasn't vandalism. Unless you can give me a much better reason for not doing so, I am going to reinstate the deleted text.

LINE:  The Glourious People's Republic of China has carried out a survey of the Great Wall. It is no surprise that Chinese inventions such as the Wall exist to this day. One day our Great Wall will stretch all the way around the World. Anyway, let's add details of our dear government's survey.

CORRECTED:  The Glourious People as Republic of China has carried out a survey of the Great Wall .
It is no surprise that Chinese inventions such as the Wall exist to this day .
One day our Great Wall will stretch all the way around the World .
Anyway , let us add details of our dear government is survey . 

ISPELL:  The Glorious People's Republic of China has carried out a survey of the Great Wall. It is no surprise that Chinese inventions such as the Wall exist to this day. One day our Great Wall will stretch all the way around the World. Anyway, let's add details of our dear government's survey.

LINE:  Having read Will Beback, I already changed the structure: separate "someone's" view over him into separate section. I suggest: Further restructuring welcome, and Details per section later-

CORRECTED:  Having read Will Beback , I already changed the structure : separate " someone is " view over him into separate section .
I suggest :
Further restructuring welcome , and Details per section later 

ISPELL:  Having read Will Be back, I already changed the structure: separate "someone's" view over him into separate section. I suggest: Further restructuring welcome, and Details per section later-

LINE:  Nevermind. The has assimilated those puppies. ) Sorry for the bother. Cheese/Wine

CORRECTED:  Nevermind .
The has assimilated those puppies . )
Sorry for the bother .
Cheese / Wine 

ISPELL:  Never mind. The has assimilated those puppies. ) Sorry for the bother. Cheese/Wine

LINE:  As I have told they were not deliberate personal attacks. In my belief, my messages have been interpreted wrongly although I asumed good faith in posting them. As I have mentioned that

CORRECTED:  As I have told they were not deliberate personal attacks .
In my belief , my messages have been interpreted wrongly although I assume good faith in hosting them .
As I have mentioned that 

ISPELL:  As I have told they were not deliberate personal attacks. In my belief, my messages have been interpreted wrongly although I assumed good faith in posting them. As I have mentioned that

LINE:  Please do not remove content from pages without explanation, as you did with this edit to Vole. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing. royal court

CORRECTED:  Please do not remove content from pages without explanation , as you did with this exit to Vole .
If you continue to do so , you will be blocked from editing .
royal court 

ISPELL:  Please do not remove content from pages without explanation, as you did with this edit to Vol. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing. royal court

LINE:  You made the elementry mistake of calling it a treaty when it was in fact a congrass

CORRECTED:  You made the elementary mistake of calling it a treaty when it was in fact a congress 

ISPELL:  You made the elementary mistake of calling it a treaty when it was in fact a congress

LINE:  Is because as you left out as usual my post in which you regarded the three deligations as having been pressent at the treaty o Arass with Papal meditiation.The treaty of Arass was a private treaty only between the deligations of Burgundy and France and made a military alliance in 1439.Again we are debatting on the Burgundian recognition stop changing the subject.You clearly are giving fallactious statements and I feel your posts are utterly questionable.If you happend to remeber a month ago we both agreed the congrass and treaty of Arass were different.I corrected your statement when you regarded the three deligations as bieng pressent at the treaty of Arass.P.S Stop with your childish personal attacks.I aqsked you to give sources regarding that Burgundy didnt recognize Henry as King of France but you give refs regarding the treaty of Arass and mixing up the posts.If you cant handle the fact that Burgundy recognised Henry as King of France then I have already reverted you on the dual-monarchy article.You should be ashamed of your Fallactious remarks nd utterly questionable unsourced facts

CORRECTED:  Is because as you left out as usual my post in which you regarded the three deligations as having been present at the treaty o grass with Papal meditation .
The treaty of grass was a private treaty only between the deligations of Burgundy and France and made a military alliance in 1439.Again we are debating on the Burgundian recognition stop changing the subject .
You clearly are giving fallacious statements and I feel your posts are utterly questionable .
If you happen to remember a month ago we both agreed the congress and treaty of brass were different .
I corrected your statement when you regarded the three deligations as bieng present at the treaty of brass .
P.S Stop with your childish personal attacks .
I asked you to give sources regarding that Burgundy did nt recognize Henry as King of France but you give reefs regarding the treaty of brass and mixing up the posts .
If you ca nt handle the fact that Burgundy recognised Henry as King of France then I have already reverted you on the duel - monarchy article .
You should be ashamed of your Fallactious remarks and utterly questionable unsourced facts 

ISPELL:  Is because as you left out as usual my post in which you regarded the three delegations as having been present at the treaty o Harass with Papal meditation.The treaty of Harass was a private treaty only between the delegations of Burgundy and France and made a military alliance in 1439.Again we are debating on the Burgundian recognition stop changing the subject.You clearly are giving fallacious statements and I feel your posts are utterly questionable.If you happened to remember a month ago we both agreed the congress and treaty of Harass were different.I corrected your statement when you regarded the three delegations as being present at the treaty of Harass.P.S Stop with your childish personal attacks.I asked you to give sources regarding that Burgundy didn't recognize Henry as King of France but you give reefs regarding the treaty of Harass and mixing up the posts.If you cant handle the fact that Burgundy recognized Henry as King of France then I have already reverted you on the dual-monarchy article.You should be ashamed of your Fallacious remarks nd utterly questionable unsourced facts

LINE:  Raffaele's request for a lawyer while being interrogated on Nov. 5 was refused, as was his request that he be allowed to call his father. Page 138

CORRECTED:  Raffaele i request for a lawyer while being interrogated on Nov. 5 was refused , as was his request that he be allowed to call his father .
Page 138 

ISPELL:  Raffaele's request for a lawyer while being interrogated on Nova. 5 was refused, as was his request that he be allowed to call his father. Page 138

LINE:  Amanda was denied food, water, bathroom breaks and naps during the all night interrogation on Nov. 5-6.. Page 151

CORRECTED:  Amanda was denied food , water , bathroom breaks and has during the all night interrogation on Nov. 5 - 6 ..
Page 151 

ISPELL:  Amanda was denied food, water, bathroom breaks and naps during the all night interrogation on Nova. 5-6.. Page 151

LINE:  Wikid: Actually, now looking at Murder In Italy, I see that there is a ton of additional information about both Amanda and Raffaele's interrogations that could be included. So I will work on listing all that in more detail tomorrow.

CORRECTED:  Wikid :
Actually , now looking at Murder
In Italy , I see that there is a ton of additional information about both Amanda and Raffaele as interrogation that could be included .
So I will work on listing all that in more detail tomorrow . 

ISPELL:  Wiki: Actually, now looking at Murder In Italy, I see that there is a ton of additional information about both Amanda and Raffaele's interrogations that could be included. So I will work on listing all that in more detail tomorrow.

LINE:  Yes, I like the suggestion also. It looks pretty good, and by leading into the next sentence about the bering strait crossing, it conforms to the rest of the article since later on we get more details on the prehistoric migrators. I'll just edit Yee's suggestion in.

CORRECTED:  Yes , I like the suggestion also .
It looks pretty good , and by leading into the next sentence about the being strait crossing , it conform to the rest of the article since later on we get more details on the prehistoric migratory .
I all just exit Yee us suggestion in . 

ISPELL:  Yes, I like the suggestion also. It looks pretty good, and by leading into the next sentence about the bearing strait crossing, it conforms to the rest of the article since later on we get more details on the prehistoric migratory. I'll just edit Yee's suggestion in.

LINE:  You've probably noticed the table factions approach, if you could keep an eye out for more game-central information on in-game factions and then update the table, that would be great. I'm basing it off of a similar table in the A-class Age of Empires III, which shows the sort of information to go for without falling into the gameguide trap.

CORRECTED:  You have probably noticed the table factions approach , if you could keep an eye out for more game - central information on in - game factions and then update the table , that would be great .
I am basin it off of a similar table in the A - class Age of Empires III , which shows the sort of information to go for without falling into the gameguide trap . 

ISPELL:  You've probably noticed the table factions approach, if you could keep an eye out for more game-central information on in-game factions and then update the table, that would be great. I'm basing it off of a similar table in the A-class Age of Empires III, which shows the sort of information to go for without falling into the game guide trap.

LINE:  Here is a discussion of one of the offending pieces - a yarn called "A Wart Snake in a Fig Tree" which is a kind of a pardody of 'The Twelve Days of Christmas' but with creepy-crawlies and spiders and snakes and stuff. A Wart Snake in a Fig Tree I wonder what Roskam's stance on Harry Potter and Holloween is? -

CORRECTED:  Here is a discussion of one of the offending pieces - a yarn called " A Wart Snake in a Fig Tree " which is a kind of a parody of ' The Twelve Days of Christmas ' but with creepy - crawlies and spiders and snakes and stuff .
A Wart Snake in a Fig Tree
I wonder what Roskam as stanch on Harry Potter and Holloween is ? - 

ISPELL:  Here is a discussion of one of the offending pieces - a yarn called "A Wart Snake in a Fig Tree" which is a kind of a parody of 'The Twelve Days of Christmas' but with creepy-craw lies and spiders and snakes and stuff. A Wart Snake in a Fig Tree I wonder what Roskam's stance on Harry Potter and Halloween is? -

LINE:  No, I didn't mean point me at a biographical article (though that would be good too). I mean answer right here on the discussion page: What town were you born in? Which schools did you go to? Also, regarding "over the top", I disagree I think the article could do with quite a bit more expansion, as could the articles of the other individuals you mentioned. As for "greatest living magicians", I have to admit I'd never heard those names. How are you judging that, say, Max Maven is better than a David Copperfield? Is it by awards, industry press, or just personal opinion of their technique?

CORRECTED:  No , I did not mean point me at a biographical article ( though that would be good too ) .
I mean answer right here on the discussion page :
What town were you born in ?
Which schools did you go to ?
Also , regarding " over the top " , I disagree I think the article could do with quite a bit more expansion , as could the articles of the other individuals you mentioned .
As for " greatest living magicians " , I have to admit I i never heard those names .
How are you judging that , say , Max have is better than a David Copperfield ?
Is it by wards , industry press , or just personal opinion of their technique ? 

ISPELL:  No, I didn't mean point me at a biographical article (though that would be good too). I mean answer right here on the discussion page: What town were you born in? Which schools did you go to? Also, regarding "over the top", I disagree I think the article could do with quite a bit more expansion, as could the articles of the other individuals you mentioned. As for "greatest living magicians", I have to admit I'd never heard those names. How are you judging that, say, Max Haven is better than a David Copperfield? Is it by awards, industry press, or just personal opinion of their technique?

LINE:  Haha, you're fine. I mean, you're allowed to do it, but I'm just selfish, I guess. =) I really appreciate your kindness, though. And I really respect that you asked, because when other signatures that were borrowed, no one let me know or gave me any credit! So I feel badly that since you asked, you'd feel really badly about doing it now, haha. But I can help you figure out a nice one or pick out some fun colors. Have a great day, and happy Wikying! 

CORRECTED:  ah , you are fine .
I mean , you are allowed to do it , but I am just selfish , I guess .
=)
I really appreciate your kindness , though .
And I really respect that you asked , because when other signature that were borrowed , no one let me know or gave me any credit !
So I feel badly that since you asked , you i feel really badly about doing it now , ah .
But I can help you figure out a nice one or pick out some fun colors .
Have a great day , and happy Wikying !  

ISPELL:  Aha, you're fine. I mean, you're allowed to do it, but I'm just selfish, I guess. =) I really appreciate your kindness, though. And I really respect that you asked, because when other signatures that were borrowed, no one let me know or gave me any credit! So I feel badly that since you asked, you'd feel really badly about doing it now, aha. But I can help you figure out a nice one or pick out some fun colors. Have a great day, and happy Wikying! 

LINE:  PETA is not a self-published source." Please explain how the PETA website is not "self-published".

CORRECTED:  PETA is not a self - published source . "
Please explain how the PETA website is not " self - published " . 

ISPELL:  PETAL is not a self-published source." Please explain how the PETAL web site is not "self-published".

LINE:  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Morrissey. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing. Impala 2009

CORRECTED:  Please do not vandalize pages , as you did with this exit to Morrissey .
If you continue to do so , you will be blocked from editing .
Impala 2009 

ISPELL:  Please do not vandalize pages, as you did with this edit to Morrissey. If you continue to do so, you will be blocked from editing. Impale 2009

LINE:  I fear Jossi may be correct. If Watts (who, btw, died in 1973) said this about Rawat, he probably meant it as praise; i.e. the emphasis would have been on "sacred", judging from my knowledge of Watts' oeuvre. He was rather anti-intellectual himself. 466

CORRECTED:  I fear Jossi may be correct .
If Watts ( who , bow , died in 1973 ) said this about Rawat , he probably meant it as praise ; i.e. the emphasis would have been on " sacred " , judging from my knowledge of Watts ' oeuvre .
He was rather anti - intellectual himself .
466 

ISPELL:  I fear Joss may be correct. If Watts (who, BTW, died in 1973) said this about Raw at, he probably meant it as praise; i.e. the emphasis would have been on "sacred", judging from my knowledge of Watts' oeuvre. He was rather anti-intellectual himself. 466

LINE:  Omg i love Dch!!! Who doesn't???!!! I love Pac Sun!!!

CORRECTED:  Omg i love Dch ! ! !
Who does not ? ? ? ! ! !
I love mac Sun ! ! ! 

ISPELL:  Omg i love Dch!!! Who doesn't???!!! I love Pace Sun!!!

LINE:  It is common knowledge that Karaims (but not Karaite Jews) boast descent from Khazars, but what they do not realize is that we believe the - (On-oq) whence came (mixing with Carian mercenaries from Caphtor and Kolhkis) our Khazar ancestors were in fact the remnant of the lost Ten-Tribes of Israel who formed our priesthood. It is precisely for this reason that Karaite Jewish scholars like Jacob Ben Reuben of Byzanteum and Yefet ben Ali or Jeshua ben Judah call us bastards in their writings.

CORRECTED:  It is common knowledge that Karaims ( but not Karaite Jews ) boast descent from Khazars , but what they do not realize is that we believe the - ( On - of ) whence came ( mixing with Carian mercenaries from Caphtor and Kolhkis )
our Khazar ancestors were in fact the remnant of the lost Ten - Tribes of Israel who formed our priesthood .
It is precisely for this reason that Karaite Jewish scholars like Jacob Ben Reuben of Byzanteum and Yefet ben
eli or Jeshua ben Judah call us bastards in their writings . 

ISPELL:  It is common knowledge that Karaims (but not Karate Jews) boast descent from Khazars, but what they do not realize is that we believe the - (On-oq) wofnce came (mixing with CariaMarianenaries from CaphtCaptorKolhkis) our Khazar ancestors were in fact the remnant of the lost Ten-Tribes of Israel who formed our priespriest hoodis precisely for this reason that KaraiKaratesh scholars like Jacob Ben Reuben of ByzanByzantiumYefet ben ABenoBalieshuJoshuaJBenhJudas us bastards in their writings.

LINE:  this title should redirect to Altona, Hamburg. I w'd change it but at the moment there are too many links for me to bother.

CORRECTED:  this title should redirect to Altona , Hamburg .
I
wid change it but at the moment there are too many links for me to bother . 

ISPELL:  this title should redirect to Altona, Ham burg. I w'd change it but at the moment there are too many links for me to bother.

LINE:  I've created a stub on Rex Mundi at Rex Mundi High School. Only thing I know about it is that both my Aunt Donna and Bob Griese went there. Please add anything you might know about it.

CORRECTED:  I have created a tub on Rex Mundi at Rex Mundi High School .
Only thing I know about it is that both my Aunt Donna and Bob Griese went there .
Please add anything you might know about it . 

ISPELL:  I've created a stub on Rex Mundt at Rex Mundt High School. Only thing I know about it is that both my Aunt Donna and Bob Grieve went there. Please add anything you might know about it.

LINE:  Another lead DYK, yee ha! talk

CORRECTED:  Another lead DYK , yee ha !
talk 

ISPELL:  Another lead DYKE, eye ha! talk

LINE:  you are totally wrong the synonyms or terms of "Kshatriya" and "Andhra Kshatriya" was and is used for only "Rajus" but not other castes of Andhra Pradesh acording to Anthropological Survey of India by Kumar Suresh Singh which can be seen above and also in his other books.Because "Rajus" are kshatriyas and also called as "Rachavaru" in telugu in Medeival Period.Thats why Krishna Rao used the word "Rachavaru" and also he is not an ordinary man,B.V.Krishna Rao belongs to Andhra Historical Research society.According to Kumar Suresh Singh they are Kshatriyas who migrated from north india but not locals which is also supported by other anthropologers as the truth is Aryans initially entered into Indian Sub-continent and stayed in north india & north-east and then their castes i.e. Brahmins,Kshatriyas & Vaishyas gradully migrated and settled to south india.

CORRECTED:  you are totally wrong the synonyms or terms of " Kshatriya " and " Andhra Kshatriya " was and is used for only " Rajus " but not other castes of Andhra Pradesh according to Anthropological Survey of India by Kumar Suresh Singh which can be seen above and also in his other books .
Because " Rajus " are kshatriyas and also called as " Rachavaru " in telugu in Medeival Period .
has why Krishna so used the word " Rachavaru " and also he is not an ordinary man , B.V.Krishna to belongs to Andhra Historical Research society .
According to Kumar Suresh Singh they are Kshatriyas who migrate from north india but not local which is also supported by other anthropologers as the truth is Aryans initially entered into Indian Sub - continent and stayed in north india & north - east and then their castes i.e. Brahmins , Kshatriyas & Vaishyas gradually migrate and settled to south india . 

ISPELL:  you are totally wrong the synonyms or terms of "Kshatriya" and "Andhra Kshatriya" was and is used for only "Rajus" but not other castes of Andhra Pradesh according to Anthropological Survey of India by Kumar Surest Sigh which can be seen above and also in his other books.Because "Rajus" are kshatriyas and also called as "Rachavaru" in telugu in Medieval Period.Thats why Krishna Mao used the word "Rachavaru" and also he is not an ordinary man,B.V.Krishna Mao belongs to Andhra Historical Research society.According to Kumar Surest Sigh they are Kshatriyas who migrated from north India but not locals which is also supported by other anthropologers as the truth is Aryans initially entered into Indian Sub-continent and stayed in north India & north-east and then their castes i.e. Brahmins,Kshatriyas & Vaishyas gradually migrated and settled to south India.

LINE:  Perhaps you should better do self a better job! Pravda (Russian state) ist not Pravda.ru (privat)! That two different newspaper!

CORRECTED:  Perhaps you should better do self a better job !
Pravda ( Russian state ) ist not Pravda.ru ( private ) !
That two different newspaper ! 

ISPELL:  Perhaps you should better do self a better job! Pravda (Russian state) fist not Pravda.LRU (private)! That two different newspaper!

LINE:  The Pravda homepage is .gazeta-pravda.ru !!!

CORRECTED:  The Pravda homepage is .gazeta - pravda.ru ! ! ! 

ISPELL:  The Pravda home page is .gaze TA-Pravda.LRU !!!

LINE:  Desktop computer clipart - Yellow theme

CORRECTED:  Desktop computer clipart - Yellow theme 

ISPELL:  Desktop computer clip art - Yellow theme

LINE:  Quality of wifi?

CORRECTED:  Quality of wife ? 

ISPELL:  Quality of Wiki?

LINE:  I'm currently visiting france and have stayed in two apartments with v.5 boxes. In both cases it seems the wifi router can only cope with one device at a time. Any info available on issues with DHCP server? I don't see any mention of this problem on the french version of the page either, but since I see it on two different v.5 boxes I feel like it may be due to the hardware... comments anyone?

CORRECTED:  I am currently visiting france and have stayed in two apartments with v.5 boxes .
In both cases it seems the wife outer can only cope with one device at a time .
Any into available on issues with DHCP ever ?
I do not see any mention of this problem on the french version of the page either , but since I see it on two different v.5 boxes I feel like it may be due to the hardware ... comments anyone ? 

ISPELL:  I'm currently visiting France and have stayed in two apartments with v.5 boxes. In both cases it seems the Wiki router can only cope with one device at a time. Any info available on issues with DHCP server? I don't see any mention of this problem on the French version of the page either, but since I see it on two different v.5 boxes I feel like it may be due to the hardware... comments anyone?

LINE:  CNN says mother died

CORRECTED:  CNN says mother died 

ISPELL:  CONN says mother died

LINE:  Hi Fut Perf. First of all thanks alot for your help with NisarKand. This website has some very informative articles that you won't find anywhere. That's why I post links to these articles. The website might have a few articles that seem hateful but most of the articles are just copied from other news sources. The website's intro might sound a little racist, but in since its just a collection of articles from various sources I really don't think it is hateful at all. As long as the individual article that is being linked is not about a group of people, I think its ok don't you think?

CORRECTED:  Hi but serf .
First of all thanks lot for your help with NisarKand .
This website has some very informative articles that you wo not find anywhere .
That is why I post links to these articles .
The website might have a few articles that seem hateful but most of the articles are just copied from other news sources .
The website as into might sound a little racist , but in since its just a collection of articles from various sources I really do not think it is hateful at all .
As long as the individual article that is being linked is not about a group of people , I think its i do not you think ? 

ISPELL:  Hi Ft Per. First of all thanks allot for your help with NisarKand. This web site has some very informative articles that you won't find anywhere. That's why I post links to these articles. The web site might have a few articles that seem hateful but most of the articles are just copied from other news sources. The website's intro might sound a little racist, but in since its just a collection of articles from various sources I really don't think it is hateful at all. As long as the individual article that is being linked is not about a group of people, I think its OK don't you think?

LINE:  Tim Burton someday must be to explain who is the Jack Napier's partner, most fans of Batman and speculation are confident that this character is Joe Chill but so was to give allegiance to the comics. Other people says that the partner may be Bob the goon, but if you look good this character bears no resemblance to Bob the goon.

CORRECTED:  Tim Burton someway must be to explain who is the Jack rapier is partner , most fans of Batman and speculation are confident that this character is Joe Chill but so was to give allegiance to the comic .
Other people says that the partner may be Bob the good , but if you look good this character bears no resemblance to Bob the good . 

ISPELL:  Tim Burton someday must be to explain who is the Jack Napier's partner, most fans of Boatman and speculation are confident that this character is Joe Chill but so was to give allegiance to the comics. Other people says that the partner may be Bob the boon, but if you look good this character bears no resemblance to Bob the boon.

LINE:  Dunfermline article and new pictures for the Kirkcaldy collage

CORRECTED:  Dunfermline article and new pictures for the Kirkcaldy college 

ISPELL:  Dunfermline article and new pictures for the Kirkcaldy collagen

LINE:  hello again. i've been looking at the paragraph about the Kingsgate Shopping Centre on the economy section. both sources do not indicate that the shopping centre was built in the 1980s nor is there any reference to the centre car park having two levels. me and you know that the centre was built in the 1980s (specifically between 1983 and 1985), if you want make reference to it, use A Century of Dunfermline or Dunfermline: The Post-War Years. but then, i never thought it was that important how old the centre was, anyway. about the two levels on the car park, it is actually three if you've read the sources.

CORRECTED:  hello again .
i have been looking at the paragraph about the Kingsgate Shopping Centre on the economy section .
both sources do not indicate that the shopping centre was built in the 1980s nor is there any reference to the centre car park having two levels .
me and you know that the centre was built in the 1980s ( specifically between 1983 and 1985 ) , if you want make reference to it , use A Century of Dunfermline or Dunfermline :
The Post - War Years .
but then , i never thought it was that important how old the centre was , anyway .
about the two levels on the car park , it is actually three if you have read the sources . 

ISPELL:  hello again. i've been looking at the paragraph about the Kings gate Shopping Center on the economy section. both sources do not indicate that the shopping center was built in the 1980s nor is there any reference to the center car park having two levels. me and you know that the center was built in the 1980s (specifically between 1983 and 1985), if you want make reference to it, use A Century of Dunfermline or Dunfermline: The Post-War Years. but then, i never thought it was that important how old the center was, anyway. about the two levels on the car park, it is actually three if you've read the sources.

LINE:  also, i think you should reinstate info on the actual size of the extension and where this took place. you might also want to say that the extension was built on the site of the old bus station and car park (info is there on the reference Kingsgate extension on schedule for August 2008 opening by Mivan). as we both probably want to get this article to GA, i would remove all references to the word locate within that section. this is one of many words or phrases that should be avoided if aiming for GA status. that's why when i originally wrote that paragraph on the Kingsgate and other retail areas, i specifically kept the use of the word in question to a minimum. if it isn't dealt with now, it will be at a later date.

CORRECTED:  also , i think you should reinstate into on the actual size of the extension and where this took place .
you might also want to say that the extension was built on the site of the old but station and car park ( into is there on the reference Kingsgate extension on scedule for August 2008 opening by sivan ) .
as we both probably want to get this article to GA , i would remove all references to the word locate within that section .
this is one of many words or phrases that should be avoided if aiming for GA status .
that is why when i originally wrote that paragraph on the Kingsgate and other retain areas , i specifically kept the use of the word in question to a minimum .
if it is not dealt with now , it will be at a later date . 

ISPELL:  also, i think you should reinstate info on the actual size of the extension and where this took place. you might also want to say that the extension was built on the site of the old bus station and car park (info is there on the reference Kings gate extension on schedule for August 2008 opening by Ivan). as we both probably want to get this article to EGA, i would remove all references to the word locate within that section. this is one of many words or phrases that should be avoided if aiming for EGA status. that's why when i originally wrote that paragraph on the Kings gate and other retail areas, i specifically kept the use of the word in question to a minimum. if it isn't dealt with now, it will be at a later date.

LINE:  that aside, i have a new picture of the Beveridge Park which i submitted to Mutt Lucker's home page. (it is now on his talk page if you want to see it) Mutt Lucker thinks it is a good effort and i would like to add it to the collage to replace the picture of the Beveridge Park Pond. as well as this, i have another new picture of the Old Kirk Tower (which was inspired by one on the undiscovered scotland website; the clock has been restored since that pic.) and would like to upload it.

CORRECTED:  that aside , i have a new picture of the Beveridge Park which i submitted to but Lucker a home page .
( it is now on his talk page if you want to see it )
but Lucker thinks it is a good effort and i would like to add it to the college to replace the picture of the Beveridge Park Pond .
as well as this , i have another new picture of the Old Kirk Tower ( which was inspired by one on the undiscovered scotland website ; the clock has been restored since that i . ) and would like to unload it . 

ISPELL:  that aside, i have a new picture of the Beveridge Park which i submitted to Mutt Lucker's home page. (it is now on his talk page if you want to see it) Mutt Plucker thinks it is a good effort and i would like to add it to the collagen to replace the picture of the Beveridge Park Pond. as well as this, i have another new picture of the Old Kirk Tower (which was inspired by one on the undiscovered Scotland web site; the clock has been restored since that epic.) and would like to upload it.

LINE:  Zero Down, Zero Interest at the Oregon COTW

CORRECTED:  her Down , her Interest at the Oregon COTW 

ISPELL:  Zero Down, Zero Interest at the Oregon COW

LINE:  Hello to all the WikiProject Oregon folks, time once again for yet another bone chilling edition of the Collaboration Of The Week. I thank yee who helped make improvements to Fort Stevens and Upper Klamath Lake. For this first week of December, we have by request Mike Bellotti and his archrival Mike Riley, both in honor of that great tradition we call the Civil War (AKA the battle for the platypus). As always, click here to opt out of these messages, or click here to make a suggestion for a future COTW. This message is intended for the addressee shown. It contains information that is confidential and protected from disclosure. Any review, dissemination or use of this transmission or its contents is strictly prohibited.

CORRECTED:  Hello to all the WikiProject Oregon folks , time once again for yet another bone chilling edition of the Collaboration Of The Week .
I thank yee who helped make improvements to Fort Stevens and Upper Klamath Lake .
For this first week of December , we have by request like Bellotti and his archrival like Riley , both in honor of that great tradition we call the Civil War (
AKA the battle for the platypus ) .
As always , click here to put out of these messages , or click here to make a suggestion for a future COTW .
This message is intended for the address shown .
It contains information that is confidential and protected from disclosure .
Any review , dissemination or use of this transmission or its contents is strictly prohibited . 

ISPELL:  Hello to all the Wiki Project Oregon folks, time once again for yet another bone chilling edition of the Collaboration Of The Week. I thank eye who helped make improvements to Fort Stevens and Upper Klamath Lake. For this first week of December, we have by request Mike Bellotti and his archival Mike Riley, both in honor of that great tradition we call the Civil War (ADA the battle for the platypus). As always, click here to opt out of these messages, or click here to make a suggestion for a future COW. This message is intended for the addressee shown. It contains information that is confidential and protected from disclosure. Any review, dissemination or use of this transmission or its contents is strictly prohibited.

LINE:  (Note by brab) I've uploaded it on ImageShack

CORRECTED:  ( Note by bab )
I have unloaded it on ImageShack 

ISPELL:  (Note by barb) I've uploaded it on Image Shack

LINE:  So are you guys going to do anything about Bletch? Or are you going to sit around and hope that i revert him so you can block me as well?

CORRECTED:  So are you guy going to do anything about Bletch ?
Or are you going to sit around and hope that i every him so you can block me as well ? 

ISPELL:  So are you guys going to do anything about Fletch? Or are you going to sit around and hope that i revert him so you can block me as well?

LINE:  Well, since most of my non-specialized literature is in British English i wouldn't be surprised, if i'm using anglo-britton-specific-expletives.

CORRECTED:  Well , since most of my non - specialized literature is in British English i would not be surprised , if i am using anglo - briton - specific - expletives . 

ISPELL:  Well, since most of my non-specialized literature is in British English i wouldn't be surprised, if i'm using Anglo-Briton-specific-expletives.

LINE:  I am assuming that the articles you are creating are of you and your friends. 12 year old soccer players and the club that they play in are almost always going to fail to meet our notability criteria. If you do not stop creating articles like this you will be blocked from editing. Also, do not use multiple accounts, such as .

CORRECTED:  I am assuming that the articles you are creating are of you and your friends .
12 year old soccer players and the club that they play in are almost always going to fail to meet our notability criteria .
If you do not stop creating articles like this you will be blocked from editing .
Also , do not use multiply accounts , such as . 

ISPELL:  I am assuming that the articles you are creating are of you and your friends. 12 year old soccer players and the club that they play in are almost always going to fail to meet our not ability criteria. If you do not stop creating articles like this you will be blocked from editing. Also, do not use multiple accounts, such as .

LINE:  Other than that you could see how the side bar looks intergrated into the top welcome section on the right and make it just one section. Providing you make it the same length and shrink the other pics down a little it should fit in the top?

CORRECTED:  Other than that you could see how the side bar looks intergrated into the top welcome section on the right and make it just one section .
Providing you make it the same length and shrink the other its down a little it should fit in the top ? 

ISPELL:  Other than that you could see how the side bar looks integrated into the top welcome section on the right and make it just one section. Providing you make it the same length and shrink the other epics down a little it should fit in the top?

LINE:  What do you call yourself? A person who is trying his best to undermine the true history of Gustave Whitehead, why? Who are you and why are you doing this? It is inappropriate.

CORRECTED:  What do you call yourself ?
A person who is trying his best to underline the true history of Gustave Whitehead , why ?
Who are you and why are you doing this ?
It is inappropriate . 

ISPELL:  What do you call yourself? A person who is trying his best to undermine the true history of Gust Ave Whitehead, why? Who are you and why are you doing this? It is inappropriate.

LINE:  ACK, go ahead and remove them

CORRECTED:  ACK , go ahead and remove them 

ISPELL:  BACK, go ahead and remove them

LINE:  But WHY, Phearson?

CORRECTED:  But WHY , Phearson ? 

ISPELL:  But WHY, Pearson?

LINE:  But here's the thing history and time travelling (which you did show a citation to), travelling to the earth's centre, creation of the universe, the future, parallel universe, the ultimate fate of the universe, dystopias and utopia (which you did show a citation to), telepathy, intelligence amplification, invisibility, psi powers and psychic phenomenon (as well as the three themes beneath it), resizing, shapeshifting, teleportation, apocalypses or world wide disasters, posthumanism, the ultimate fate of the universe and the kardashev scale, floating cities, underground cities, walking cities, the age of post-scarcity and domed cities can be used in fantasy, there for not exclusive to science fiction. Alien invasions and artificial intelligence (amongst the other themes that are on the page that I can't think of) can be used in horror and are there for not exclusive to science fiction. And as much as I hate to (as we'd be stuffing up the article even more so, but it'd be for it's own good because then after seeing how bad the article's gotten Yobmod wouldn't be so strict about which themes can be used in science fiction) we need to get rid of them immedietally.

CORRECTED:  But here is the thing history and time travelling ( which you did show a citation to ) , travelling to the earth is centre , creation of the universe , the future , parallel universe , the ultimate fate of the universe , dystopias and utopia ( which you did show a citation to ) , telepathy , intelligence amplification , invisibility , i powers and psychic phenomenon ( as well as the three themes beneath it ) , residing , shapeshifting , teleportation , apocalypse or world wide disasters , posthumanism , the ultimate fate of the universe and the kardashev scale , floating cities , underground cities , walking cities , the age of post - scarcity and domed cities can be used in fantasy , there for not exclusive to science fiction .
Alien invasion and artificial intelligence ( amongst the other themes that are on the page that I ca not think of ) can be used in horror and are there for not exclusive to science fiction .
And as much as I hate to ( as we i be snuffing up the article even more so ,
but it i be for it is own good because then after seeing how bad the article as gotten Yobmod would not be so strict about which themes can be used in science fiction ) we need to get rid of them immedietally . 

ISPELL:  But here's the thing history and time traveling (which you did show a citation to), traveling to the earth's center, creation of the universe, the future, parallel universe, the ultimate fate of the universe, dystopia and utopia (which you did show a citation to), telepathy, intelligence amplification, invisibility, psi powers and psychic phenomenon (as well as the three themes beneath it), resizing, shape shifting, teleportation, apocalypse or world wide disasters, post humanism, the ultimate fate of the universe and the kardashev scale, floating cities, underground cities, walking cities, the age of post-scarcity and domed cities can be used in fantasy, there for not exclusive to science fiction. Alien invasions and artificial intelligence (amongst the other themes that are on the page that I can't think of) can be used in horror and are there for not exclusive to science fiction. And as much as I hate to (as we'd be stuffing up the article even more so, but it'd be for it's own good because then after seeing how bad the article's gotten Yobmod wouldn't be so strict about which themes can be used in science fiction) we need to get rid of them immedietally.

LINE:  :::::If you're offended by the Birther analogy, consider the analogy of including a title like Dark Moon: Apollo and the Whistle-Blowers by Bill Kaysing in the See Also section for Neil Armstrong or Buzz Aldrin. Fortunately, this book doesn't have it's own article yet, but it stands at #137,328 in Amazon's best-seller list, compared to Montford's #90,695. Obviously the Moon landing hoax conspiracy theory is quite a bit more obvious as a piece of fringe nonsense and yet it's sales figures would indicate that it's being taken "seriously" by many all except NASA's partisans, namely, almost everybody.

CORRECTED:  : : : : : If you are offended by the Birther analogy , consider the analogy of including a title like Dark Moon : Apollo and the Whistle - flowers by Bill Kaysing in the See Also section for veil Armstrong or Buzz Aldrin .
Fortunately , this book does not have it is own article yet , but it stands at # 137,328 in Amazon is best - seller list , compared to Montford as # 90,695 .
Obviously the Moon landing hoa conspiracy theory is quite a bit more obvious as a piece of fringe nonsense and yet it is sales figures would indicate that it is being taken " seriously " by many all except NASA as partisans , namely , almost everybody . 

ISPELL:  :::::If you're offended by the Bircher analogy, consider the analogy of including a title like Dark Moon: Apollo and the Whistle-Blowers by Bill Kay sing in the See Also section for Nil Armstrong or Buzz Aldrin. Fortunately, this book doesn't have it's own article yet, but it stands at #137,328 in Amazon's best-seller list, compared to Montford's #90,695. Obviously the Moon landing hoax conspiracy theory is quite a bit more obvious as a piece of fringe nonsense and yet it's sales figures would indicate that it's being taken "seriously" by many all except NASA's partisans, namely, almost everybody.

LINE:  At school I was taught that the gravitational field inside a solid sphere is equivalent to being on the surface of a smaller sphere at the same centre, ie ignore all the matter at a radius 'above' your position. (That was a decade or 3 ago though so you would want to verify this for yourself.) Also see my comment above.

CORRECTED:  At school I was taught that the gravitational field inside a solid sphere is equivalent to being on the surface of a smaller sphere at the same centre , i ignore all the matter at a radius ' above ' your position .
( That was a decade or 3 ago though so you would want to verily this for yourself . )
Also see my comment above . 

ISPELL:  At school I was taught that the gravitational field inside a solid sphere is equivalent to being on the surface of a smaller sphere at the same center, die ignore all the matter at a radius 'above' your position. (That was a decade or 3 ago though so you would want to verify this for yourself.) Also see my comment above.

LINE:  Gary, thanks for all your suggestions and patience with the GA review for High-level radioactive waste management. It was a pleasure to work with you and Dabomb and learn how some of these things are done. Maybe we'll have another opportunity on some other occasion. And thank you for the rating as well, of course.

CORRECTED:  mary , thanks for all your suggestions and patience with the GA review for High - level radioactive waste management .
It was a pleasure to work with you and Dabomb and learn how some of these things are done .
Maybe we all have another opportunity on some other occasion .
And thank you for the rating as well , of course . 

ISPELL:  Gary, thanks for all your suggestions and patience with the EGA review for High-level radioactive waste management. It was a pleasure to work with you and DA bomb and learn how some of these things are done. Maybe we'll have another opportunity on some other occasion. And thank you for the rating as well, of course.

LINE:  Your Bbb23 did not step back, instead he asked a friend Admin. calling him to help him with this matter against me.

CORRECTED:  Your Bbb23 did not step back , instead he asked a friend Admin .
calling him to help him with this matter against me . 

ISPELL:  Your Ebb23 did not step back, instead he asked a friend Admit. calling him to help him with this matter against me.

LINE:  You have a open door policy right and when I came nicely explaining what the problem was and that I would be very happy to end it even though I did not feel it was fair it seemed to me that you really wanted to help. But I got blocked again and again for nothing. Let say I'm not very happy about that because it's obvious to me that the bad guys are winning. You know I can't be blocked for long though since I'm a pretty good brain with computers, that's not why I'm mad. I'm mad because you lied to me. All the people involved against me here are biaised so of cpurse unfair. And I won't let it go and no matter what I will have to do I shall do it. Your actions have been unfair and unwarranted. And even the "great" Jimbo is not going to stand up for some fairness. We'll see then. Good night !

CORRECTED:  You have a open door policy right and when I came nicely explaining what the problem was and that I would be very happy to end it even though I did not feel it was fair
it seemed to me that you really wanted to help .
But I got blocked again and again for nothing .
Let say I am not very happy about that because it is obvious to me that the bad guy are winning .
You know I ca not be blocked for long though since I am a pretty good brain with computer , that is not why I am mad .
I am mad because you lied to me .
All the people involved against me here are biased so of pure unfair .
And I wo not let it go and no matter what I will have to do
I shall do it .
Your actions have been unfair and unwarranted .
And even the " great " limbo is not going to stand up for some fairness .
We all see then .
Good night ! 

ISPELL:  You have a open door policy right and when I came nicely explaining what the problem was and that I would be very happy to end it even though I did not feel it was fair it seemed to me that you really wanted to help. But I got blocked again and again for nothing. Let say I'm not very happy about that because it's obvious to me that the bad guys are winning. You know I can't be blocked for long though since I'm a pretty good brain with computers, that's not why I'm mad. I'm mad because you lied to me. All the people involved against me here are biased so of purse unfair. And I won't let it go and no matter what I will have to do I shall do it. Your actions have been unfair and unwarranted. And even the "great" Limbo is not going to stand up for some fairness. We'll see then. Good night !

LINE:  Your bizarre fascination with me is disturbing. Please stop posting about me. I have asked multiple times. Thank you. So long as this nonsense is here, my response will be as well.- Sinneed

CORRECTED:  Your bizarre fascination with me is disturbing .
Please stop hosting about me .
I have asked multiply times .
Thank you .
So long as this nonsense is here , my response will be as well.- Sinneed 

ISPELL:  Your bizarre fascination with me is disturbing. Please stop posting about me. I have asked multiple times. Thank you. So long as this nonsense is here, my response will be as well.- Sinned

LINE:  Lt. Govenor Jefferson Keel

CORRECTED:  it . Govenor Jefferson Keel 

ISPELL:  Let. Governor Jefferson Keel

LINE:  Also, I have information from personal interviews and pictures of the Lt. Governor? How should I go about this?

CORRECTED:  Also , I have information from personal interviews and pictures of the it
. Governor ?
How should I go about this ? 

ISPELL:  Also, I have information from personal interviews and pictures of the Let. Governor? How should I go about this?

LINE:  The appearance seems to depend both on the browser and the window size and I've been fiddling with the image placement to try to balance them. I don't like the block quote template as it doesn't seem to do anything and I prefer quotes of this sort to stand out typographically, in some way. The quote in this case seems to have a Dickensian sound to it, which provides a sense of the period. I'm hoping that the readership will like it but critics abound, alas. Anyway, thanks for your input.

CORRECTED:  The appearance seems to depend both on the bower and the window size and I have been meddling with the image placement to try to balance them .
I do not like the block quote template as it does not seem to do anything
and I prefer quite of this sort to stand out typographically , in some way .
The quote in this case seems to have a Dickensian sound to it , which provides a sense of the period .
I am hoping that the leadership will like it but critics abound , alas .
Anyway , thanks for your input . 

ISPELL:  The appearance seems to depend both on the browser and the window size and I've been fiddling with the image placement to try to balance them. I don't like the block quote template as it doesn't seem to do anything and I prefer quotes of this sort to stand out typographically, in some way. The quote in this case seems to have a Dickens Ian sound to it, which provides a sense of the period. I'm hoping that the readership will like it but critics abound, alas. Anyway, thanks for your input.

LINE:  I looked at Invader Zim and it said you put the IZFas on the page!

CORRECTED:  I looked at Invader him
and it said you put the IZFas on the page ! 

ISPELL:  I looked at Invader Aim and it said you put the IZFas on the page!

LINE:  Thanks for your efforts in trying to resolve this matter. I will respond to all these matters. I am just a little hard pressed for time at the moment. I might have to wait until the weekend when I have plenty of time to think about my stupid actions and to express in full detail my remorse to this matter. Once again Thankyou

CORRECTED:  Thanks for your efforts in trying to resolve this matter .
I will respond to all these matters .
I am just a little hard pressed for time at the moment .
I might have to wait until the weekend when I have plenty of time to think about my stupid actions and to express in full detail my remorse to this matter .
Once again Thankyou 

ISPELL:  Thanks for your efforts in trying to resolve this matter. I will respond to all these matters. I am just a little hard pressed for time at the moment. I might have to wait until the weekend when I have plenty of time to think about my stupid actions and to express in full detail my remorse to this matter. Once again Thank you

LINE:  JESUS CHIRST HELP ME I GOT BLOCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!

CORRECTED:  JESUS CHIRST HELP ME
I GOT BLOCKED ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! 

ISPELL:  JESUS CHRIST HELP ME I GOT BLOCKED!!!!!!!!!!!!

LINE:  Effects under 3000 - dated 3rd June (with one codicil) of Charlotte Dorothea Forster Grierson, formerly of the city of Dublin, afterwards residing at four Clarmont Bank, Shrewsbury, England & late of Carlile-terrace, Malahide, County Dublin, Ireland, Spinster deceased who died 6th March, 1869 at Carlile-terrace, aforesaid was proved at the Principal Registry by the oath of George Abraham Grierson, of Manor House, Malahide, aforesaid Esquire, the sole executor,

CORRECTED:  Effects under  3000 - dated and June ( with one codicil ) of Charlotte Dorothea Forster Grierson , formerly of the city of Dublin , afterwards residing at four Clarmont Bank , Shrewsbury , England & late of Carlile - terrace , Malahide , County Dublin , Ireland , Spinster deceased who died th March , 1869 at Carlile - terrace , aforesaid was proved at the Principal Registry by the oath of George Abraham Grierson , of Manor House , Malahide , aforesaid squire , the sole executor , 

ISPELL:  Effects under 3000 - dated 3rd June (with one codicil) of Charlotte Dorothea FForesterGrierson, formerly of the city of Dublin, afterwards residing at four CClaremontBank, SShrews bury England & late of CCarlyleterrace, Malahide, County Dublin, Ireland, Spinster deceased who died 6th March, 1869 at CCarlyleterrace, aforesaid was proved at the Principal Registry by the oath of George Abraham Grierson, of Manor House, Malahide, aforesaid Esquire, the sole executor,

LINE:  Curiously, I can't seem to find any direct evidence that says whether their tea bags / infusers are made of actual silk. There are many careful uses of the word "silken", though. Can anyone verify this one way or the other?

CORRECTED:  Curiously , I ca not seem to find any direct evidence that says whether their tea bags / infusers are made of actual silk .
There are many careful uses of the word " silken " , though .
Can anyone verily this one way or the other ? 

ISPELL:  Curiously, I can't seem to find any direct evidence that says whether their tea bags / infuses are made of actual silk. There are many careful uses of the word "silken", though. Can anyone verify this one way or the other?

LINE:  . I also thought it was strategically sensible to refer to the claims in context to avoid their being repeatedly added as facts by people who have read the websites

CORRECTED:  .
I also thought it was strategically sensible to refer to the claims in context to avoid their being repeatedly added as facts by people who have read the websites 

ISPELL:  . I also thought it was strategically sensible to refer to the claims in context to avoid their being repeatedly added as facts by people who have read the web sites

LINE:  Public Address 3: How to remember imp days & events (by Mishra ji with real life examples)

CORRECTED:  Public Address 3 : How to remember imp days & events ( by Mishra ji with real life examples ) 

ISPELL:  Public Address 3: How to remember imp days & events (by Mishra jig with real life examples)

LINE:  Helpme is not to be used in cases like this. I suggest you be patient, email the blocking admin and explain the situation. You might need a thorough explanation. Also, you have removed the image from your signature right?

CORRECTED:  Helpme is not to be used in cases like this .
I suggest you be patient , email the blocking adin and explain the situation .
You might need a thorough explanation .
Also , you have removed the image from your signature right ? 

ISPELL:  Help me is not to be used in cases like this. I suggest you be patient, email the blocking admit and explain the situation. You might need a thorough explanation. Also, you have removed the image from your signature right?

LINE:  Krauss plans to update The Physics of Star Trek in 2006.

CORRECTED:  Krauss plans to update The Physics of Star Trek in 2006 . 

ISPELL:  Krauts plans to update The Physics of Star Trek in 2006.

LINE:  Thanks )  You Da One

CORRECTED:  Thanks )

You Da One 

ISPELL:  Thanks )  You DaDAne

LINE:  Latin America also includes Brazil, that had an diferent social system then that of Hispanic America.The title of this section is wrong.

CORRECTED:  Latin America also includes Brazil , that had an different social system then that of Hispanic America .
The title of this section is wrong . 

ISPELL:  Latin America also includes Brazil, that had an different social system then that of Hispanic America.The title of this section is wrong.

LINE:  There has been no recent improvements to the William L. Walsh article for GA status. Possibly this article needs to be withdrawn from the Good Article nominations page, unless, recommendations have been addressed.

CORRECTED:  There has been no recent improvements to the William L. Walsh article for GA status .
Possibly this article needs to be withdrawn from the Good Article dominations page , unless , recommendations have been addressed . 

ISPELL:  There has been no recent improvements to the William L. Walsh article for EGA status. Possibly this article needs to be withdrawn from the Good Article nominations page, unless, recommendations have been addressed.

LINE:  You dont see the alien face above the Chlorine atom? It still there

CORRECTED:  You do nt see the alien face above the Chlorine atom ?
It still there 

ISPELL:  You don't see the alien face above the Chlorine atom? It still there

LINE:  I was wondering how do i make one of those little content boces?

CORRECTED:  I was wondering how do i make one of those little content bowes ? 

ISPELL:  I was wondering how do i make one of those little content bodes?

LINE:  Thank you for reverting vandalism off my userpage. It was very much appreciated D talk

CORRECTED:  Thank you for reverting vandalism off my userpage .
It was very much appreciated D talk 

ISPELL:  Thank you for reverting vandalism off my user page. It was very much appreciated D talk

LINE:  It is Graceland that is 2nd most visited place in the USA., , , Not Biltmore Estate.

CORRECTED:  It is Graceland that is and most visited place in the USA . , , , Not Biltmore Estate . 

ISPELL:  It is Grace land that is 2nd most visited place in the USA., , , Not Biltmore Estate.

LINE:  The dcor throughout the house has often been criticized" is incorrect, it has not been criticized by anyone. Then you put up the quotes of Albert Goldman, a fringe theorist on Elvis Presley, and added them under Graceland#Basement, which is irrelevant.

CORRECTED:  The dcor throughout the house has often been criticized " is incorrect , it has not been criticized by anyone .
Then you put up the quite of Albert Goldman , a fringe theorist on Elvis Presley , and added them under Graceland#Basement , which is irrelevant . 

ISPELL:  The dccordthroughout the house has often been criticized" is incorrect, it has not been criticized by anyone. Then you put up the quotes of Albert Goldman, a fringe theorist on Elvis Presley, and added them under GGrace landBasement, which is irrelevant.

LINE:  Please note that DPeterson has now starting accusing me of vandalism for editing this very page Advocates for Children in Therapy. I chose to edit by asking for citations for the "facts" he published on the page. How can that be vandalism? It seems he can run roughshod over Wiki policy and guidelines, but any reasonable attempt to make him justify it is "vandalism".

CORRECTED:  Please note that DPeterson has now starting accusing me of vandalism for editing this very page Advocates for Children in Therapy .
I chose to exit by asking for citations for the " facts " he published on the page .
How can that be vandalism ?
It seems he can run roughshod over Wiki policy and guidelines , but any reasonable attempt to make him justify it is " vandalism " . 

ISPELL:  Please note that Peterson has now starting accusing me of vandalism for editing this very page Advocates for Children in Therapy. I chose to edit by asking for citations for the "facts" he published on the page. How can that be vandalism? It seems he can run roughshod over Wiki policy and guidelines, but any reasonable attempt to make him justify it is "vandalism".

LINE:  example of oldest Prosthethics

CORRECTED:  example of oldest Prosthethics 

ISPELL:  example of oldest Prosthetics

LINE:  Like the roman capua leg or egyptian prosthetics?

CORRECTED:  Like the roman caput leg or egyptian prosthetics ? 

ISPELL:  Like the Roman capua leg or Egyptian prosthetics?

LINE:  Keep your propaganda away from this article. You are just another internet troll.

CORRECTED:  Keep your propaganda away from this article .
You are just another internet troll . 

ISPELL:  Keep your propaganda away from this article. You are just another Internet troll.

LINE:  Evan Rachel Wood

CORRECTED:  Evan Rachel Wood 

ISPELL:  Evans Rachel Wood

LINE:  Is there any evidence that she is jewish?

CORRECTED:  Is there any evidence that she is jewish ? 

ISPELL:  Is there any evidence that she is Jewish?

LINE:  People, we are desperately in need of some consensus here. Can we all please vote for one of the following options. Given that there are three options, I think a 51% plurality would suffice. Some of the options have subordinate polls: please vote again in each of these subpolls

CORRECTED:  People , we are desperately in need of some consensus here .
Can we all please vote for one of the following option .
Given that there are three option , I think a 51 % plurality would suffice .
Some of the option have subordinate polls : please vote again in each of these subpolls 

ISPELL:  People, we are desperately in need of some consensus here. Can we all please vote for one of the following options. Given that there are three options, I think a 51% plurality would suffice. Some of the options have subordinate polls: please vote again in each of these sub polls

LINE:  Hello all. I know some of you may have found my additions irritating on this site: more specifically my linking a youtube clip of my friend on the news giving his fresh impressions of the movie, just after viewing it.

CORRECTED:  Hello all .
I know some of you may have found my additions irritating on this site :
more specifically my linking a youtube lip of my friend on the news giving his fresh impressions of the move , just after viewing it . 

ISPELL:  Hello all. I know some of you may have found my additions irritating on this site: more specifically my linking a YouTube clip of my friend on the news giving his fresh impressions of the movie, just after viewing it.

LINE:  As far as copyright infringement or irrelevance, I've already addressed how the clip is relevant, so I'll say what I have to on IP. Having worked in an intellectual property firm for a few years, and now as a student in law school, I am convinced from what I know of the law that this clip does not infringe upon any rights of the film, and any infringement that has occurred thus far from it has been attended to by the ABC news team for the release of their story. So, please, can we try to negotiate or come to some sort of agreement that it will be okay to leave this clip up? I'm new to wiki-editing, but believe this clip would make a nice addition to the Spider-Man 3 site. I'm sure lots of fans would find it funny and interesting, to say the least. So what do you say, people?

CORRECTED:  As far as copyright infringement or irrelevance , I have already addressed how the lip is relevant , so I all say what I have to on IP .
Having worked in an intellectual property firm for a few years , and now as a student in law school , I am convinced from what I know of the law that this lip does not infringe upon any rights of the film , and any infringement that has occurred thus far from it has been attended to by the ABC news team for the release of their story .
So , please , can we try to negotiate or come to some sort of agreement that it will be okay to leave this lip up ?
I am new to wiki - editing , but believe this lip would make a nice addition to the Spider - Man 3 site .
I am sure lots of fans would find it funny and interesting , to say the least .
So what do you say , people ? 

ISPELL:  As far as copyright infringement or irrelevance, I've already addressed how the clip is relevant, so I'll say what I have to on IP. Having worked in an intellectual property firm for a few years, and now as a student in law school, I am convinced from what I know of the law that this clip does not infringe upon any rights of the film, and any infringement that has occurred thus far from it has been attended to by the NBC news team for the release of their story. So, please, can we try to negotiate or come to some sort of agreement that it will be okay to leave this clip up? I'm new to Wiki-editing, but believe this clip would make a nice addition to the Spider-Man 3 site. I'm sure lots of fans would find it funny and interesting, to say the least. So what do you say, people?

LINE:  Edit: In 1991, Canwest issued a successful initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange, included multi voting shares

CORRECTED:  Edit :
In 1991 , Canwest issued a successful initials public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange , included mufti votin shares 

ISPELL:  Edit: In 1991, Can west issued a successful initial public offering on the Toronto Stock Exchange, included multi voting shares

LINE:  If CNN had multi voting shares, would it not be an essential fact?

CORRECTED:  If CNN had mufti votin shares , would it not be an essential fact ? 

ISPELL:  If CONN had multi voting shares, would it not be an essential fact?

LINE:  One of the things on my wishlist is to automatically create maps and title coordinates using the "lat" and "long" fields in the French infobox. But that's for later. BTW once you've added an infobox you need to check the links in it, for instance in the Saint-Pierre-d'Entremont the link to the arrondissement is broken (just fixed it). That takes time, so I'll finish the stubs first. Actually, what I do is add the ones others have missed. Talk

CORRECTED:  One of the things on my wishlist is to automatically create maps and title coordinates using the " at " and " long " fields in the French infobox .
But that is for later .
BTW
once you have added an infobox you need to check the links in it , for instance in the Saint - Pierre - d'Entremont the link to the arrondissement is broken ( just fixed it ) .
That takes time , so I all finish the tubs first .
Actually , what I do is add the ones others have missed .
Talk 

ISPELL:  One of the things on my wish list is to automatically create maps and title coordinates using the "flat" and "long" fields in the French info box. But that's for later. BTW once you've added an info box you need to check the links in it, for instance in the Saint-Pierre-d'Entremont the link to the arrondissement is broken (just fixed it). That takes time, so I'll finish the stubs first. Actually, what I do is add the ones others have missed. Talk

LINE:  what is your major malfunction? can't you discuss edits before blanking them? that is your POV that gadaffi is irrelevant and a joke. you do absolutely no service to your people by acting like this.. in fact you have quickly given me the impression turks have something to hide...

CORRECTED:  what is your major malfunction ?
ca not you discuss exits before blinking them ?
that is your POV that gadaffi is irrelevant and a joke .
you do absolutely no service to your people by acting like this ..
in fact you have quickly given me
the impression turks have something to hide ... 

ISPELL:  what is your major malfunction? can't you discuss edits before blanking them? that is your POD that gadaffi is irrelevant and a joke. you do absolutely no service to your people by acting like this.. in fact you have quickly given me the impression turks have something to hide...

LINE:  The Nextgen Recon Commandos are picked for a smaller squad in 2 or 3 so that they are stealthy, unnoticed, they are the only ones that can do the most dangerous and any missions.

CORRECTED:  The Nextgen Recon Commandos are picked for a smaller squid in 2 or 3 so that they are stealthy , unnoticed , they are the only ones that can do the most dangerous and any mission . 

ISPELL:  The Nextgen Reckon Commandos are picked for a smaller squad in 2 or 3 so that they are stealthy, unnoticed, they are the only ones that can do the most dangerous and any missions.

LINE:  DRV of Zaydra Pena

CORRECTED:  DRV of Zaydra men 

ISPELL:  DR of Zaydra Penal

LINE:  Please revert your revision of closing that DRV. I still have a few more comments. And, your closing speech was a bit odd.

CORRECTED:  Please every your revision of closing that DRV .
I still have a few more comments .
And , your closing speech was a bit odd . 

ISPELL:  Please revert your revision of closing that DR. I still have a few more comments. And, your closing speech was a bit odd.

LINE:  I don't mean to be a downer -( BTW, I stole your username template. It looks great!

CORRECTED:  I do not mean to be a downe - ( BTW , I stole your username template .
It looks great ! 

ISPELL:  I don't mean to be a downer -( BTW, I stole your user name template. It looks great!

LINE:  Oh hear me go someone removes all my pages i get angry and put down even more for beuing upset Use your common sense you little hitler he rem,oved every one of my links and i am supposed to be kind to him why? What about his uuncivial nature. Why dio none of you have any understanding. He goes on my pages onsults my work, supports a deletetion of all my pages orbpablry did them, and i am supposed to be kind to him. I did not swear at him,. ai am argoibng back. You are not the police. I have right to be angry back. i have not sworn, alittle hitler is not a swear word it refers to petty law enforcers such as park attendetns or traffic wardens who go after people with a vindictive smugness with no sympathy

CORRECTED:  Oh hear me go someone removes all my pages i get angry and put down even more for being upset
Use your common sense you little hither he be , over every one of my links and i am supposed to be kind to him why ?
What about his uuncivial nature .
Why do none of you have any understanding .
He goes on my pages insult my work , supports a deletetion of all my pages orbpablry did them , and i am supposed to be kind to him .
I did not swear at him , .
ai am argoibng back .
You are not the police .
I have right to be angry back .
i have not sworn , little hither is not a swear word it refers to petty law enforcers such as park attendetns or traffic warden who go after people with a vindictive snugness with no sympathy 

ISPELL:  Oh hear me go someone removes all my pages i get angry and put down even more for being upset Use your common sense you little Hitler he ream,loved every one of my links and i am supposed to be kind to him why? What about his uuncivial nature. Why Dion none of you have any understanding. He goes on my pages consults my work, supports a deletetion of all my pages orbpablry did them, and i am supposed to be kind to him. I did not swear at him,. AI am argoibng back. You are not the police. I have right to be angry back. i have not sworn, little Hitler is not a swear word it refers to petty law enforcers such as park attendetns or traffic wardens who go after people with a vindictive smugness with no sympathy

LINE:  What do you mean? I think we should stick to what sources say. Have more sources been uncovered which portray the subject as anything other than a criminal? Or have the rules changed so that BLPs should no longer reflect what sources say?

CORRECTED:  What do you mean ?
I think we should stick to what sources say .
Have more sources been uncovered which pourtray the subject as anything other than a criminal ?
Or have the rules changed so that BLPs should no longer reflect what sources say ? 

ISPELL:  What do you mean? I think we should stick to what sources say. Have more sources been uncovered which portray the subject as anything other than a criminal? Or have the rules changed so that Blips should no longer reflect what sources say?

LINE:  Mandarin is the Chinese word for Bureaucrat which term is prefered because Bureaucrat has aquired a negative connotation due to the general lack of integrity the people that are getting such jobs tend to have because their positions and roles tend to be kept secret from the general public. An encyclopedia is a source of interesting and important information. It makes no sense what you are saying. Putting an article that contains a list of top bureaucrats in a system of government together and some information about their qualifications and job history that got them the job is not making a Bio, it's not POV, and is not publishing a Directory. Each of the reasons given are not valid and patently false. Furtermore the information would be linked and made part of the Job Stub so people can know what types of jobs they are.

CORRECTED:  Mandarin is the Chinese word for Bureaucrat which term is preferred because Bureaucrat has acquired a negative connotation due to the general lack of integrity the people that are getting such jobs tend to have because their positions and rule tend to be kept secret from the general public .
An encyclopedia is a source of interesting and important information .
It makes no sense what you are saying .
Putting an article that contains a list of top bureaucrats in a system of government together and some information about their qualifications and job history that got them the job is not making a to , it is not POV , and is not publishing a Directory .
Each of the reasons given are not valid and potently false .
Furtermore the information would be linked and made part of the Job tub so people can know what types of jobs they are . 

ISPELL:  Mandarin is the Chinese word for Bureaucrat which term is preferred because Bureaucrat has acquired a negative connotation due to the general lack of integrity the people that are getting such jobs tend to have because their positions and roles tend to be kept secret from the general public. An encyclopedia is a source of interesting and important information. It makes no sense what you are saying. Putting an article that contains a list of top bureaucrats in a system of government together and some information about their qualifications and job history that got them the job is not making a Io, it's not POD, and is not publishing a Directory. Each of the reasons given are not valid and patently false. Furthermore the information would be linked and made part of the Job Stub so people can know what types of jobs they are.

LINE:  Of course, helps to have a Wacom board...

CORRECTED:  Of course , helps to have a Wacom board ... 

ISPELL:  Of course, helps to have a Waco board...

LINE:  Call 'em like you see 'em is refreshing around here.

CORRECTED:  Call him like you see he is refreshing around here . 

ISPELL:  Call 'gem like you see 'gem is refreshing around here.

LINE:  Hydrolyzed jojoba ester

CORRECTED:  Hydrolyzed jojoba enter 

ISPELL:  Hydrolyzed jojoba bester

LINE:  Orlady, I was wondering if you would consider reviewing this old DYK nomination from June 22. It needs a fresh, uninvolved eye, though I think the most volatile of the concerns with one of the hooks has been addressed. Please let me know. (LauraHale has already declined, and as I've promised to obtain that independent review, I need to find someone to do it.) Thank you.

CORRECTED:  Orlady , I was wondering if you would consider reviewing this old DYK nomination from June 22 .
It needs a fresh , uninvolved eye , though I think the most volatile of the concerns with one of the hooks has been addressed .
Please let me know .
( LauraHale has already declined , and as I have promised to obtain that independent review , I need to find someone to do it . )
Thank you . 

ISPELL:  Or lady, I was wondering if you would consider reviewing this old DYKE nomination from June 22. It needs a fresh, uninvolved eye, though I think the most volatile of the concerns with one of the hooks has been addressed. Please let me know. (Laura Hale has already declined, and as I've promised to obtain that independent review, I need to find someone to do it.) Thank you.

LINE:  Sorry, I consulted you before I did anything else. Then I noticed you'd posted to the second debate, so I left a note there. No, I'm afraid the closing reason is not beside the point. I am going to reverse you, but do feel free to re-close it as a "no consensus" if you wish. Closing on a technicality, when some people are arguing for deletion is simply going to frustrate people and lead to a needless second debate on DRV and AfD. You do not close a debate on the ground of the nominators wishes, unless no one else is suggesting delete.

CORRECTED:  Sorry , I consulted you before I did anything else .
Then I noticed you i posted to the second debate , so I left a note there .
No , I am afraid the closing reason is not beside the point .
I am going to reverse you , but do feel free to re - close it as a " no consensus " if you wish .
Closing on a technicality , when some people are arguing for deletion is simply going to frustrate people and lead to a needless second debate on DRV and AfD. You do not close a debate on the ground of the nominators wishes , unless no one else is suggesting delete . 

ISPELL:  Sorry, I consulted you before I did anything else. Then I noticed you'd posted to the second debate, so I left a note there. No, I'm afraid the closing reason is not beside the point. I am going to reverse you, but do feel free to re-close it as a "no consensus" if you wish. Closing on a technicality, when some people are arguing for deletion is simply going to frustrate people and lead to a needless second debate on DR and Fad. You do not close a debate on the ground of the nominators wishes, unless no one else is suggesting delete.

LINE:  Then the young man said to the platypus, "son don't drink your friends or their shoes." The platypus looked up at the man without understanding and bit off his toe. The young man said, "well i never did tell you not to eat my toes. Don't eat my toes." The platypus went to the corner of the box and ate some cucombers and the young man became quite aquainted with the platypus, but the platypus was not aquanted with him.

CORRECTED:  Then the young man said to the platypus , " son do not drink your friends or their shoes . "
The platypus looked up at the man without understanding and bit off his toe .
The young man said , " well i never did tell you not to eat my toes .
Do not eat my toes .
" The platypus went to the corner of the box and ate some cucumbers and the young man became quite acquainted with the platypus , but the platypus was not aquanted with him . 

ISPELL:  Then the young man said to the platypus, "son don't drink your friends or their shoes." The platypus looked up at the man without understanding and bit off his toe. The young man said, "well i never did tell you not to eat my toes. Don't eat my toes." The platypus went to the corner of the box and ate some cucumbers and the young man became quite acquainted with the platypus, but the platypus was not aquanted with him.

LINE:  Oh I see the discussion has already closed. Well no.problem I'll ask for RfC later on the article talk page.

CORRECTED:  Oh I see the discussion has already closed .
Well no.problem I will ask for RfC later on the article talk page . 

ISPELL:  Oh I see the discussion has already closed. Well no.problem I'll ask for RFC later on the article talk page.

LINE:  I am so sorry I have ADHD and I could not control my actions plese unblock

CORRECTED:  I am so sorry I have ADHD
and I could not control my actions plase unlock 

ISPELL:  I am so sorry I have ADD and I could not control my actions please unblock

LINE:  The struggle for cultural heg

CORRECTED:  The struggle for cultural he 

ISPELL:  The struggle for cultural he

LINE:  I dont think the two flags should be there since it's a french-incorporated company headquartered in France. It's majority-owned by french investors and adding the dutch flag doesn't make sense. True KLM was originally dutch but it's not anymore.

CORRECTED:  I do nt think the two flags should be there since it is a french - incorporated company headquartered in France .
It is majority - owned by french inventors and adding the dutch flag does not make sense .
True KLM was originally dutch
but it is not anymore . 

ISPELL:  I don't think the two flags should be there since it's a French-incorporated company headquartered in France. It's majority-owned by French investors and adding the Dutch flag doesn't make sense. True KM was originally Dutch but it's not anymore.

LINE:  As can be seen, I have added a new history section for the Bank of Liverpool - previously there were just a few lines of intro. I have taken it up to 1918, when the Bank acquired Martins Bank and became the Bank of Liverpool and Martins. There already is separate article on Martins which makes reference to the Bank of Liverpool but it is not well sourced and could be made more comprehensive.

CORRECTED:  As can be seen , I have added a new history section for the Bank of Liverpool - previously there were just a few lines of into .
I have taken it up to 1918 , when the Bank acquired Martins Bank and became the Bank of Liverpool and Martins .
There already is separate article on Martins which makes reference to the Bank of Liverpool but it is not well source and could be made more comprehensive . 

ISPELL:  As can be seen, I have added a new history section for the Bank of Liverpool - previously there were just a few lines of intro. I have taken it up to 1918, when the Bank acquired Martins Bank and became the Bank of Liverpool and Martins. There already is separate article on Martins which makes reference to the Bank of Liverpool but it is not well soured and could be made more comprehensive.

LINE:  How should the overlap with the Martins Bank article be treated? The name change to Martins is really a red herring - it is the Liverpool entity which was dominant and provided the continuity until its acquisition by Barclays and therefore I suggest should be the main article. One solution would be to have Martins pre-1918 history as a self-contained article with the Bank of Liverpool article continuing up to 1969.

CORRECTED:  How should the overlap with the Martins Bank article be treated ?
The name change to Martins is really a red herring - it is the Liverpool enmity which was dominant and provided the continuity until its acquisition by Barclays and
therefore I suggest should be the main article .
One solution would be to have Martins pre-1918 history as a self - contained article with the Bank of Liverpool article continuing up to 1969 . 

ISPELL:  How should the overlap with the Martins Bank article be treated? The name change to Martins is really a red herring - it is the Liverpool entity which was dominant and provided the continuity until its acquisition by Barclay and therefore I suggest should be the main article. One solution would be to have Martins pare-1918 history as a self-contained article with the Bank of Liverpool article continuing up to 1969.

LINE:  I agree that this article is over-the-top POV

CORRECTED:  I agree that this article is over - the - top POV 

ISPELL:  I agree that this article is over-the-top POD

LINE:  This relative absence of French-American political and social unity helps to explain anti-French sentiment in the United States. French historian Justin Vasse has proposed that an important cause of overtly expressed public hostility toward France in the United States is the small number of Americans of direct French descent1. .politiqueinternationale.com/revue/article.php?id_revue=12&id;=228&content;=synopsis. While he acknowledges that this is not the direct cause of anti-French sentiments, he argues that it explains why these sentiments can be expressed publicly, without being seen as a gross violation of political correctness. Vasse contends that by comparison, the public display of such sentiments towards other ethnic groups or nationalities would be met by strong disapproval. He proposes that as France has no powerful and organised lobby to defend it, it is socially and politically acceptable in the United States to express negative sentiments of the FrenchPierre Verdaguer, "A Turn-of-the-Century Honeymoon? The Washington Post's Coverage of France", French Politics, Culture & Society, vol. 21, no. 2, summer 2003.

CORRECTED:  This relative absence of French - American political and social unity helps to explain anti - French sentiment in the United States .
French historian Justin Vasse has proposed that an important cause of overtly expressed public hostility toward France in the United States is the small number of Americans of direct French descent .
.politiqueinternationale.com
/ revue / article.php?id_revue=12&id;=228&content;=synopsis .
While he acknowledges that this is not the direct cause of anti - French sentiments , he argues that it explains why these sentiments can be expressed publicly , without being seen as a gross violation of political correctness .
Vasse contend that by comparison , the public display of such sentiments towards other ethni groups or nationalities would be met by strong disapproval .
He proposes that as France has no powerful and organised lobby to defend it , it is socially and politically acceptable in the United States to express negative sentiments of the FrenchPierre Verdaguer , " A Turn - of - the - Century Honeymoon ?
The Washington Post is Coverage of France " , French Politics , Culture & Society , vol .
21 , no . 2 , summer 2003 . 

ISPELL:  This relative absence of French-American political and social unity helps to explain anti-French sentiment in the United States. French historian Justin Evasusehas proposed that an important cause of overtly expressed public hostility toward France in the United States is the small number of Americans of direct French descent1. .politiqueinternationale.ccomarevue/article.pHPid_revue=12&id;=228&content;=synopsis. While he acknowledges that this is not the direct cause of anti-French sentiments, he argues that it explains why these sentiments can be expressed publicly, without being seen as a gross violation of political correctness. VEvassuseontends that by comparison, the public display of such sentiments towards other ethnic groups or nationalities would be met by strong disapproval. He proposes that as France has no powerful and ororganizedobby to defend it, it is socially and politically acceptable in the United States to express negative sentiments of the FrFrench Pierreerdaguer, "A Turn-of-the-Century Honeymoon? The Washington Post's Coverage of France", French Politics, Culture & Society, voVol21, no. 2, summer 2003.

LINE:  Just to answer, I've read before that the proportion of french descendant in the US is way higher than thought because as the french colonized the New World at the same time as the Brits but got outnumbered pretty quickly, they were mixed into the mainstream america. However it's true that since most of them lost traces of their heritage no lobby exists nor defends them as they don't represent or try to represent.

CORRECTED:  Just to answer , I have read before that the proportion of french descendant in the US is way higher than thought because as the french colonized the New World at the same time as the Brits but got outnumbered pretty quickly , they were mixed into the mainstream america .
However it is true that since most of them lost traces of their heritage no lobby exists nor defends them as they do not represent or try to represent . 

ISPELL:  Just to answer, I've read before that the proportion of French descendant in the US is way higher than thought because as the French colonized the New World at the same time as the Bits but got outnumbered pretty quickly, they were mixed into the mainstream America. However it's true that since most of them lost traces of their heritage no lobby exists nor defends them as they don't represent or try to represent.

LINE:  The use of the word "Indians" in the war of 1812 wiki.

CORRECTED:  The use of the word " Indians " in the war of 1812 wiki . 

ISPELL:  The use of the word "Indians" in the war of 1812 Wiki.

LINE:  stop using the word Indian, it is both offensive and incorrect in more then one way. Indians are from India, any use of that word referring to the aboriginals of NA is ignorant and embarrassing.

CORRECTED:  stop using the word Indian , it is both offensive and incorrect in more then one way .
Indians are from India , any use of that word referring to the aboriginal of NA is ignorant and embarrassing . 

ISPELL:  stop using the word Indian, it is both offensive and incorrect in more then one way. Indians are from India, any use of that word referring to the aboriginal of DNA is ignorant and embarrassing.

LINE:  I did some work to address the issues you raised, and I've uploaded/linked in several sample tournament pages. See 1946 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, which has an infobox at the bottom. I added one tourney page for each full decade of the NCAA Tournament. Barring any huge objections, I'd like to add the remaining 50+ pages tonight.

CORRECTED:  I did some work to address the issues you raised , and I have unloaded / linked in several sample tournament pages .
See 1946 NCAA Men as Division
I Basketball Tournament , which has an infobox at the bottom .
I added one journey page for each full decade of the NCAA Tournament .
Barring any huge objections , I i like to add the remaining 50 + pages tonight . 

ISPELL:  I did some work to address the issues you raised, and I've uploaded/linked in several sample tournament pages. See 1946 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Tournament, which has an info box at the bottom. I added one journey page for each full decade of the NCAA Tournament. Barring any huge objections, I'd like to add the remaining 50+ pages tonight.

LINE:  Stop editing the List of Regular Show episodes page. Regular Show is on Season 2 and it was confirmed by Benton Connor who works on the show. If you edit it one more time you will be banned.

CORRECTED:  Stop editing the List of Regular Show episode page .
Regular Show is on Season 2 and it was confirmed by lenton Connor who works on the show .
If you exit it one more time you will be banned . 

ISPELL:  Stop editing the List of Regular Show episodes page. Regular Show is on Season 2 and it was confirmed by Belton Condor who works on the show. If you edit it one more time you will be banned.

LINE:  Abuse of your admin powers

CORRECTED:  Abuse of your adin powers 

ISPELL:  Abuse of your admit powers

LINE:  What is the reason not to present him this way, regardless of whether the JSE journal is less than Nature or Cell? Obviously nobody is perfect. There is nothing wrong with just presenting him the way he is. Have we got similar sources that rebut his review? Or maybe a Quackwatch response?

CORRECTED:  What is the reason not to present him this way , regardless of whether the JSE journal is less than Nature or Cell ?
Obviously nobody is perfect .
There is nothing wrong with just presenting him the way he is .
Have we got similar sources that rebut his review ?
Or maybe a Quackwatch response ? 

ISPELL:  What is the reason not to present him this way, regardless of whether the JOSE journal is less than Nature or Cell? Obviously nobody is perfect. There is nothing wrong with just presenting him the way he is. Have we got similar sources that rebut his review? Or maybe a Quack watch response?

LINE:  Alright. But personally it shouldnt realy be there since like i said it wasnt a material loss such as a jet and it wasnt in Libya or because of enemy action. Perhaps it could be mentioned else where in the article but not in the "casaulties" box since that implies war casulties.

CORRECTED:  Alright .
But personally it should nt real be there since like i said it was nt a material loss such as a jet
and it was nt in Libya or because of enemy action .
Perhaps it could be mentioned else where in the article but not in the " casaulties " box since that implies war casualties . 

ISPELL:  Aright. But personally it shouldn't really be there since like i said it wasn't a material loss such as a jet and it wasn't in Libya or because of enemy action. Perhaps it could be mentioned else where in the article but not in the "casualties" box since that implies war casualties.

LINE:  Hi a, Bhadaniji is a magniloquocent personage. He will remember your service and mention you thankfully in his magnimum oppositus to be published soon.

CORRECTED:  Hi a , Bhadaniji is a magniloquocent personage .
He will remember your service and mention you thankfully in his magnimum opposite to be published soon . 

ISPELL:  Hi a, Bhadaniji is a magniloquocent personage. He will remember your service and mention you thankfully in his magnimum opposites to be published soon.

LINE:  It's spelt 'colour'.

CORRECTED:  It is spelt ' colour ' . 

ISPELL:  It's pelt 'color'.

LINE:  Thanks and Palpatine

CORRECTED:  Thanks and Palpatine 

ISPELL:  Thanks and Palatine

LINE:  Thanks for copyediting the Padm Amidala article. I appreciate your assistance.

CORRECTED:  Thanks for copyediting the Padm Amidala article .
I appreciate your assistance . 

ISPELL:  Thanks for copy editing the Pam AAmid alaarticle. I appreciate your assistance.

LINE:  Let me know when you're ready for me to copy the Palpatine revision over to the article space. I'm not in a hurry or anything. Things look a little hectic for you right now, and this isn't a move I want to make without back up.

CORRECTED:  Let me know when you are ready for me to copy the Palpatine revision over to the article space .
I am not in a hurry or anything .
Things look a little hectic for you right now , and this is not a move I want to make without back up . 

ISPELL:  Let me know when you're ready for me to copy the Palatine revision over to the article space. I'm not in a hurry or anything. Things look a little hectic for you right now, and this isn't a move I want to make without back up.

LINE:  Alexi, don't tweak things. You are not making sense. On one had you state that you are notable because a champion, on the other you say that you are notable, but you are not that notable. FPS stated that I am right. If we agree that he was notable in 1989, then I go ahead and put my lead as follows. If you disagree, bring the version here in the talk page.

CORRECTED:  Alexi , do not weak things .
You are not making sense .
On one had you state that you are notable because a champion , on the other you say that you are notable , but you are not that notable .
FPS stated that I am right .
If we agree that he was notable in 1989 , then I go ahead and put my lead as follows .
If you disagree , bring the version here in the talk page . 

ISPELL:  Alex, don't tweak things. You are not making sense. On one had you state that you are notable because a champion, on the other you say that you are notable, but you are not that notable. FOPS stated that I am right. If we agree that he was notable in 1989, then I go ahead and put my lead as follows. If you disagree, bring the version here in the talk page.

LINE:  Pyrros Dimas (, born in October 13, 1971) is a retired professional weightlifter. He is considered as one of the greatest weightlifters of all times having been three times Olympic champion and three times World Champion. Dimas was born in Albania and competed first for the Albanian team, however he is of Greek ethnicity and received his major sports results under the Greek flag after he emigrated to Greece in 1992.

CORRECTED:  Pyrros Dimas ( , born in October 13 , 1971 ) is a retired professional weightlifter .
He is considered as one of the greatest weightlifters of all times having been three times Olympic champion and three times World Champion .
Dimas was born in Albania and compete first for the Albanian team , however he is of Greek ethnicity and received his major sports results under the Greek flag after he emigrated to Greece in 1992 . 

ISPELL:  Pyrros Dims (, born in October 13, 1971) is a retired professional weight lifter. He is considered as one of the greatest weight lifters of all times having been three times Olympic champion and three times World Champion. Dims was born in Albania and competed first for the Albanian team, however he is of Greek ethnicity and received his major sports results under the Greek flag after he emigrated to Greece in 1992.

LINE:  Legally, there are no rules which state any geographical or political requirements which a state has to meet in order to join the Schengen area (there are such criteria for joining the EU, but this is a different matter). The only possibility to join the Schengen zone would be to enter into a treaty with the EU, which includes a clause that Schengen-related EU law would be applicable in the associated non-EU state. The associated state would only have the right to be consulted. Thus, the U.S. would have to accept each and every majority (!) decision taken in Brussels whether citizens of this or that country would need a visa for entry into the area or not. And the U.S. would have to accept that every third-country national holding a residence title of a Schengen state could enter the U.S. without even being checked. To BIL: Guadeloupe and French Guiana are not inside the Schengen area because this would e.g. require France to equip the complete rain forest border between French Guiana and Suriname, Brasil etc. with high-tech infrared sensors which would detect every monkey which is crossing the border - just in order to avoid ID checks on flights between there and Europe. I can understand why they do not invest any money into this.

CORRECTED:  Legally , there are no rules which state any geographical or political requirements which a state has to meet in order to join the Schengen area ( there are such criteria for joining the EU , but this is a different matter ) .
The only possibility to join the Schengen zone would be to enter into a treaty with the EU , which includes a cause that Schengen - related EU law would be applicable in the associated non - EU state .
The associated state would only have the right to be consulted .
Thus , the U.S. would have to accept each and every majority ( ! ) decision taken in Brussels whether citizens of this or that country would need a is for entry into the area or not .
And the U.S. would have to accept that every third - country national holding a residence title of a Schengen state could enter the U.S. without even being checked .
To BIL : Guadeloupe and French Guiana are not inside the Schengen area because this would e.g. require France to equip the complete rain forest border between French Guiana and Suriname , Brasil etc .
with high - teach infrared seniors which would detect every monkey which is crossing the border - just in order to avoid ID checks on flights between there and Europe .
I can understand why they do not invest any money into this . 

ISPELL:  Legally, there are no rules which state any geographical or political requirements which a state has to meet in order to join the Schengen area (there are such criteria for joining the ED, but this is a different matter). The only possibility to join the Schengen zone would be to enter into a treaty with the ED, which includes a clause that Schengen-related ED law would be applicable in the associated non-ED state. The associated state would only have the right to be consulted. Thus, the U.S. would have to accept each and every majority (!) decision taken in Brussels whether citizens of this or that country would need a visa for entry into the area or not. And the U.S. would have to accept that every third-country national holding a residence title of a Schengen state could enter the U.S. without even being checked. To BAIL: Guadeloupe and French Guiana are not inside the Schengen area because this would e.g. require France to equip the complete rain forest border between French Guiana and Surname, Basil etc. with high-tech infrared sensors which would detect every monkey which is crossing the border - just in order to avoid ID checks on flights between there and Europe. I can understand why they do not invest any money into this.

LINE:  I am not going to publish my IP on this talk page. I suppose I can log out, go to my IP talk page and put the autoblock template there, but it will appear in the Recent Changes list and could still be traced to me. I think I can wait the 4 hours. I don't know why I would be blocked for 24 hours and my IP autoblocked for 28 hours. Perhaps needs to be contacted and informed that in the future he should set the IP autoblock for the same time period as the block. Thank you.

CORRECTED:  I am not going to publish my IP on this talk page .
I suppose I can log out , go to my IP talk page and put the autoblock template there , but it will appear in the Recent Changes list and could still be traced to me .
I think I can wait the 4 hours .
I do not know why I would be blocked for 24 hours and my IP autoblocked for 28 hours .
Perhaps needs to be contracted and informed that in the future he should set the IP autoblock for the same time period as the block .
Thank you . 

ISPELL:  I am not going to publish my IP on this talk page. I suppose I can log out, go to my IP talk page and put the auto block template there, but it will appear in the Recent Changes list and could still be traced to me. I think I can wait the 4 hours. I don't know why I would be blocked for 24 hours and my IP auto blocked for 28 hours. Perhaps needs to be contacted and informed that in the future he should set the IP auto block for the same time period as the block. Thank you.

LINE:  Will you be archiving NWS and SPC maps from today and tomorrow to include on the page? Do you think it would be a good idea? ~

CORRECTED:  Will you be archiving NWS and SPC maps from today and tomorrow to include on the page ?
Do you think it would be a good idea ? ~ 

ISPELL:  Will you be archiving NEWS and SPEC maps from today and tomorrow to include on the page? Do you think it would be a good idea? ~

LINE:  An anonymous user removed the NPOV tag yesterday without any comment. I don't think the article is quite ready for that yet, because its problems are not really resolved. It retains a poison pen hangover from what seemed to be edits from anonymous users with an agenda, and we ended up with some odd compromises like a Miranda Devine mention in the first paragraph (she's really not important enough IMHO), dodgy sources like Cnsnews.com, continued overemphasis of race, etc. Others may not agree, but let's see.

CORRECTED:  An anonymous user removed the NPOV tag yesterday without any comment .
I do not think the article is quite ready for that yet , because its problems are not really resolved .
It retains a poison pen hanover from what seemed to be exits from anonymous users with an agenda , and we ended up with some odd compromises like a Miranda Devine mention in the first paragraph
( she is really not important enough IMHO ) , dodge sources like Cnsnews.com , continued overemphasis of race , etc .
Others may not agree , but let us see . 

ISPELL:  An anonymous user removed the NPOV tag yesterday without any comment. I don't think the article is quite ready for that yet, because its problems are not really resolved. It retains a poison pen hangover from what seemed to be edits from anonymous users with an agenda, and we ended up with some odd compromises like a Miranda Levine mention in the first paragraph (she's really not important enough IMHO), dodge sources like Cnsnews.coma, continued overemphasis of race, etc. Others may not agree, but let's see.

LINE:  I have added some introductory material that I believe clarifies some issues. Disorders of attachment are not like chickenpox they my occur in many forms and may even amount to normal variations and this point should be included in the article.

CORRECTED:  I have added some introductory material that I believe clarified some issues .
Disorders of attachment are not like chickenpox they my occur in many forms and may even amount to normal variations and this point should be included in the article . 

ISPELL:  I have added some introductory material that I believe clarifies some issues. Disorders of attachment are not like chicken pox they my occur in many forms and may even amount to normal variations and this point should be included in the article.

LINE:  I know what you're guilty of, though. I've seen you up the page, threatening Jazz with outing, and threatening me too. How come all Willie's friends are cyber-thugs?

CORRECTED:  I know what you are guilty of , though .
I have seen you up the page , threatening Jazz with outang , and threatening me too .
How come all Willie as friends are tyber - thus ? 

ISPELL:  I know what you're guilty of, though. I've seen you up the page, threatening Jazz with outing, and threatening me too. How come all Willie's friends are caber-thugs?

LINE:  reliable source....your reference DOESNT EVEN EXIST. ( )

CORRECTED:  reliable source ....
your reference DOESNT EVEN EXIST .
( ) 

ISPELL:  reliable source....your reference DOESN'T EVEN EXIST. ( )

LINE:  re this, it looks like Ultrabias/DY71. ^_^

CORRECTED:  re this , it looks like Ultrabias / DY71 . ^_^ 

ISPELL:  re this, it looks like Ultra bias/DAY71. ^_^

LINE:  Hi, I am animeking237, please do not delete my entries. If you need to contact me, animeking237@aol.com or animeking237 on yim or aim!

CORRECTED:  Hi , I am animeking237 , please do not delete my entries .
If you need to contact me , animeking237@aol.com or animeking237 on him or aim ! 

ISPELL:  Hi, I am animeking237, please do not delete my entries. If you need to contact me, animeking237@Al.coma or animeking237 on aim or aim!

LINE:  All Shai Hulud albums: see Shai Hulud discography.

CORRECTED:  All hai Hulud albums : see hai Hulud discography . 

ISPELL:  All Thai Hulud albums: see Thai Hulud discography.

LINE:  1999: A Whole New Level of Sickness (Geert van der Velde)

CORRECTED:  1999 :
A Whole New Level of Sickness ( Geert van de Velde ) 

ISPELL:  1999: A Whole New Level of Sickness (Geest van oder Veldt)

LINE:  2000: Crush 'Em All Vol. 1 (Geert van der Velde)

CORRECTED:  2000 :
Crush ' Em All Vol .
1
( Geert van de Velde ) 

ISPELL:  2000: Crush 'Gem All Vol. 1 (Geest van oder Veldt)

LINE:  2003: That Within Blood Ill-Tempered (Geert van der Velde)

CORRECTED:  2003 :
That Within Blood Ill - Tempered ( Geert van de Velde ) 

ISPELL:  2003: That Within Blood Ill-Tempered (Geest van oder Veldt)

LINE:  2005: A Comprehensive Retrospective: Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Release Bad and Useless Recordings (Damien Moyal, Chad Gilbert)

CORRECTED:  2005 :
A Comprehensive Retrospective : Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Release Bad and Useless Recordings ( Damien royal , had Gilbert ) 

ISPELL:  2005: A Comprehensive Retrospective: Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Release Bad and Useless Recordings (Dampen Loyal, Chad Gilbert)

LINE:  2008: Misanthropy Pure (Matt Mazzali)

CORRECTED:  2008 :
Misanthropy Pure ( Matt Mazzali ) 

ISPELL:  2008: Misanthrope Pure (Matt Mazzali)

LINE:  We are trying to produce useful and informative and sourced articles.

CORRECTED:  We are trying to produce useful and informative and source articles . 

ISPELL:  We are trying to produce useful and informative and soured articles.

LINE:  Ditto, we have tags as such. andother english sources sugest tehsame too.

CORRECTED:  Ditto , we have tags as such . another english sources suggest tehsame too . 

ISPELL:  Ditto, we have tags as such. another English sources suggest tehsame too.

LINE:  Gotta Be Mobile

CORRECTED:  Got to Be Mobile 

ISPELL:  Got TA Be Mobile

LINE:  This is XBOX

CORRECTED:  This is XBOX 

ISPELL:  This is BOX

LINE:  Yes, I am a notorious stalker (of talk pages) ) You userfied an article for me back in April, and I guess your talk has been on my watchlist since then. Regards,

CORRECTED:  Yes , I am a notorious talker ( of talk pages ) )
You userfied an article for me back in April , and I guess your talk has been on my watchlist since then .
Regards , 

ISPELL:  Yes, I am a notorious stalker (of talk pages) ) You userfied an article for me back in April, and I guess your talk has been on my watch list since then. Regards,

LINE:  I could care less about American Hefeweizen. Make a seperate article, this is about Hefe in general. I'd like to add Granville Island Breweries to the list, but lo and behold, it's a list of American brands, and GIB is Canadian. Go figure.

CORRECTED:  I could care less about American Hefeweizen .
Make a separate article , this is about Hefe in general .
I i like to add Granville Island Breweries to the list , but
lo and behold , it is a list of American brands , and GIB is Canadian .
Go figure . 

ISPELL:  I could care less about American Hefeweizen. Make a separate article, this is about Here in general. I'd like to add Granville Island Breweries to the list, but Leo and behold, it's a list of American brands, and GLIB is Canadian. Go figure.

LINE:  Jackmont, Oct 5, 06

CORRECTED:  Jackmont , at 5 , 06 

ISPELL:  Jackmont, Cot 5, 06

LINE:  Not tactics. You create a page about a non-existant subsiduary, change all the links and then complain when things don't go your way. You created the chaos and then demand that others fix the problem that YOU created. You stuffed it - YOU fix it. Pretty simple in my book. Things were pretty good until you invented the BMW Motorrad subsiduary and changed everything. Now that it has been shown that you were wrong you blame everyone else for the chaos caused by your arrogance. Maybe returning things to how they were before you broke it would be a good idea. Oh! An apology would also be good!

CORRECTED:  Not tactics .
You create a page about a non - existant subsiduary , change all the links and then complain when things do not go your way .
You created the chaos and then demand that others fix the problem that YOU created .
You stuffed it -
YOU fix it .
Pretty simple in my book .
Things were pretty good until you invented the BMW Motorrad subsiduary and changed everything .
Now that it has been shown that you were wrong you blame everyone else for the chaos caused by your arrogance .
Maybe returning things to how they were before you broke it would be a good idea .
Oh !
An apology would also be good ! 

ISPELL:  Not tactics. You create a page about a non-existent subsidiary, change all the links and then complain when things don't go your way. You created the chaos and then demand that others fix the problem that YOU created. You stuffed it - YOU fix it. Pretty simple in my book. Things were pretty good until you invented the BOW Motorrad subsidiary and changed everything. Now that it has been shown that you were wrong you blame everyone else for the chaos caused by your arrogance. Maybe returning things to how they were before you broke it would be a good idea. Oh! An apology would also be good!

LINE:  Hello: I see you are listed as an admin. who is willing to consider and grant rollback rights. I would ask for that consideration at this time. I have 9,175 edits and have reviewer rights. I have written ten articles and helped two gain "good article status". Please feel free to ask me any questions needed. Thank you for your time,

CORRECTED:  Hello : I see you are listed as an adin .
who is willing to consider and grant rollback rights .
I would ask for that consideration at this time .
I have 9,175 exits and have reviewed rights .
I have written ten articles and helped two gain " good article status " .
Please feel free to ask me any questions needed .
Thank you for your time , 

ISPELL:  Hello: I see you are listed as an admit. who is willing to consider and grant rollback rights. I would ask for that consideration at this time. I have 9,175 edits and have reviewer rights. I have written ten articles and helped two gain "good article status". Please feel free to ask me any questions needed. Thank you for your time,

LINE:  Derek Jeter is overrated, i don't like him at all, he shouldn't be making 20 mill a year for having average seasons

CORRECTED:  Derek peter is overrated , i do not like him at all , he should not be making 20 mill a year for having average seasons 

ISPELL:  Derek Jester is overrated, i don't like him at all, he shouldn't be making 20 mill a year for having average seasons

LINE:  Er...he's me! Please feel free to check out my user page

CORRECTED:  Er ... he is me !
Please feel free to check out my user page 

ISPELL:  Her...he's me! Please feel free to check out my user page

LINE:  Hi Rick. Thanks for your message. I tried working on this but the current complexity of Template:Infobox City is too high for my brain to handle. I tried some transformations but failed. I can't fix it. For my taste, this is out of control.

CORRECTED:  Hi Rick .
Thanks for your message .
I tried working on this but the current complexity of Template : Infobox City is too high for my brain to handle .
I tried some transformation but failed .
I ca nt fix it .
For my taste , this is out of control . 

ISPELL:  Hi Rick. Thanks for your message. I tried working on this but the current complexity of Template:Info box City is too high for my brain to handle. I tried some transformations but failed. I can't fix it. For my taste, this is out of control.

LINE:  Sorry Spute. When I saw you hadn't touched the page for nearly an hour, I thought you'd finished editing. If I'd known you were still going, I wouldn't have "butted in".

CORRECTED:  Sorry Spute .
When I saw you had not touched the page for nearly an hour , I thought you i finished editing .
If I i known you were still going , I would not have " butted in " . 

ISPELL:  Sorry Saute. When I saw you hadn't touched the page for nearly an hour, I thought you'd finished editing. If I'd known you were still going, I wouldn't have "butted in".

LINE:  First of all, there's no need at all to apologise about discussing your dispute here. Secondly, I think it would be a good idea (or actually an essential step in solving the dispute) to back off from this for a few days, maybe even a week. As you've been back-and-forthing for months already, another week can't possibly hurt. You'll find that walking away and editing some articles unconnected with farming or with animal welfare will help put this whole hill of beans into its true perspective. It will give us time to find other, better (or at least more widely acceptable) images to use. After I am ready I will start a new section in article talk where we can take this matter forward and arrive at a solution we can all live with. How does that sound?

CORRECTED:  First of all , there is no need at all to apologise about discussing your dispute here .
Secondly , I think it would be a good idea ( or actually an essential step in solving the dispute ) to back off from this for a few days , maybe even a week .
As you have been back - and - forthing for months already , another week ca not possibly hurt .
You all find that walking away and editing some articles unconnected with farming or with animal welfare will help put this whole hill of beans into its true perspective .
It will give us time to find other , better ( or at least more widely acceptable ) images to use .
After I am ready I will start a new section in article talk where we can take this matter forward and arrive at a solution we can all live with .
How does that sound ? 

ISPELL:  First of all, there's no need at all to apologies about discussing your dispute here. Secondly, I think it would be a good idea (or actually an essential step in solving the dispute) to back off from this for a few days, maybe even a week. As you've been back-and-frothing for months already, another week can't possibly hurt. You'll find that walking away and editing some articles unconnected with farming or with animal welfare will help put this whole hill of beans into its true perspective. It will give us time to find other, better (or at least more widely acceptable) images to use. After I am ready I will start a new section in article talk where we can take this matter forward and arrive at a solution we can all live with. How does that sound?

LINE:  Apparently, you don't realize that your colllege operates under 3 small digits. If those are blocked, you are gone for good. Also, I will not bother agruing with you on your opinions, not like I can change them, but you are a troll, a sockpuppeter, and a vandalizer. If it takes a block of 205.189.25.*, because we have had nothing but trolling from that college, that that is what it takes. Daedalus " ... are u sure about that?

CORRECTED:  Apparently , you do not realize that your college operates under 3 small digits .
If those are blocked , you are gone for good .
Also , I will not bother agruing with you on your opinions , not like I can change them , but you are a troll , a sockpuppeter , and a vandalizer .
If it takes a block of 205.189.25 .
* , because we have had nothing but rolling from that college , that that is what it takes .
Daedalus " ... are i sure about that ? 

ISPELL:  Apparently, you don't realize that your college operates under 3 small digits. If those are blocked, you are gone for good. Also, I will not bother arguing with you on your opinions, not like I can change them, but you are a troll, a sockpuppeter, and a vandalize. If it takes a block of 205.189.25.*, because we have had nothing but strolling from that college, that that is what it takes. Daedalus " ... are u sure about that?

LINE:  Sihanouk continued to live in luxury in Cambodia after he resigned. He was provided with an air-conditioned residence and complained in his memoirs from the period about running low on rum for his bananes flambles desert." That second sentence adds nothing to the article, and actually sounds a bit silly. So his luxury residence was air-conditioned - so what? He ran out of rum for desert - come on.... this is an encyclopedia. Silly details like this have no part in a biographical article.

CORRECTED:  Sihanouk continued to live in luxury in Cambodia after he resigned .
He was provided with an air - conditioned residence and complained in his memoirs from the period about running low on rum for his bananes flambles desert .
" That second sentence adds nothing to the article , and actually sounds a bit silly .
So his luxury residence was air - conditioned - so what ?
He ran out of rum for desert - come on ....
this is an encyclopedia .
Silly details like this have no part in a biographical article . 

ISPELL:  Sihanouk continued to live in luxury in Cambodia after he resigned. He was provided with an air-conditioned residence and complained in his memoirs from the period about running low on rum for his bananas flambles desert." That second sentence adds nothing to the article, and actually sounds a bit silly. So his luxury residence was air-conditioned - so what? He ran out of rum for desert - come on.... this is an encyclopedia. Silly details like this have no part in a biographical article.

LINE:  According to TV (History Channel? NOVA?) the stove impacts us little today, and is not important. The stove is difficult to make work correctly. The complicated flue will back smoke into the room if not operated just right. As a result, the design was never popular, even in Franklin's time, and quickly fell into disuse. I dunno if there's a connection between the Franklin Stove and box-shaped fire boxes used today. I don't recall any mention of the fact on the TV special.

CORRECTED:  According to TV ( History Channel ?
NOVA ? )
the stove impact us little today , and is not important .
The stove is difficult to make work correctly .
The complicated lie will back smoke into the room if not operated just right .
As a result , the design was never popular , even in Franklin is time , and quickly fell into disuse .
I dunno
if there is a connection between the Franklin Stove and box - shaped fire boxes used today .
I do not recall any mention of the fact on the TV special . 

ISPELL:  According to TV (History Channel? NOVA?) the stove impacts us little today, and is not important. The stove is difficult to make work correctly. The complicated flue will back smoke into the room if not operated just right. As a result, the design was never popular, even in Franklin's time, and quickly fell into disuse. I Dunne if there's a connection between the Franklin Stove and box-shaped fire boxes used today. I don't recall any mention of the fact on the TV special.

LINE:  This game is teh awesome

CORRECTED:  This game is to awesome 

ISPELL:  This game is tech awesome

LINE:  No hard feelings at all. Paranoia is what keeps the world interesting. And I wouldnt trust me either.

CORRECTED:  No hard feelings at all .
Paranoia is what keeps the world interesting .
And I would nt trust me either . 

ISPELL:  No hard feelings at all. Paranoia is what keeps the world interesting. And I wouldn't trust me either.

LINE:  And thanks Jimbo!

CORRECTED:  And thanks limbo ! 

ISPELL:  And thanks Limbo!

LINE:  I know, i reaslised that music videos are themselves part of the legacy, and that the music videos and racial issue's should go together as they as linked strongly. Then i thought oh what the hell, lets put critical and commerical together. I shuffled paragraphs and pictures around and now it makes sense. We can get Thriller 25 sorted today, if people will allow it to have its own page, i dont mind what you do with it here on Thriller.

CORRECTED:  I know , i realized that music videos are themselves part of the legacy , and that the music videos and racial issue i should go together as they as linked strongly .
Then i thought oh what the hell , lets put critical and commerical together .
I shuffled paragraph and pictures around and now it makes sense .
We can get shriller 25 sorted today , if people will allow it to have its own page , i do nt mind what you do with it here on shriller . 

ISPELL:  I know, i reaslised that music videos are themselves part of the legacy, and that the music videos and racial issue's should go together as they as linked strongly. Then i thought oh what the hell, lets put critical and commercial together. I shuffled paragraphs and pictures around and now it makes sense. We can get Thriller 25 sorted today, if people will allow it to have its own page, i don't mind what you do with it here on Thriller.

LINE:  i was telled it woul.d be a single don.t merge - pzzschool

CORRECTED:  i was telled it would be a single don.t merge - pzzschool 

ISPELL:  i was celled it would.d be a single don.t merge - pzzschool

LINE:  Surely you know how to use those." See what I mean? Its petulant points like these that prove what I'm saying. Yes you can get your point across, but dont insult and patronize someone else in the process. (talk  cont.)

CORRECTED:  Surely you know how to use those . "
See what I mean ?
Its petulant points like these that prove what I am saying .
Yes you can get your point across , but do nt insult and patronize someone else in the process .
( talk  on . ) 

ISPELL:  Surely you know how to use those." See what I mean? Its petulant points like these that prove what I'm saying. Yes you can get your point across, but don't insult and patronize someone else in the process. (talk  cocount

LINE:  Here are the sources .jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1132475697364&pagename;=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull and .israelnn.com/news.php3?id=94362 but those are both just saying she was going to. I can't find anything that says she has. I was wondering if anyone else knew.

CORRECTED:  Here are the sources .jpost.com / servlet / Satellite?cid=1132475697364&pagename;=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull and .israelnn.com / news.php3?id=94362 but those are both just saying she was going to .
I ca not find anything that says she has .
I was wondering if anyone else knew . 

ISPELL:  Here are the sources .post.coma/servlet/Satellite?acid=1132475697364&page name;=Post%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull and .israelnn.coma/news.HP3?id=94362 but those are both just saying she was going to. I can't find anything that says she has. I was wondering if anyone else knew.

LINE:  My comments are being left up to warn others, i have no idea what an SPI is nor wish to waste any more time with you. Its clear your only purpose here is to smear the BNP since you are politically from the far left (as your own page admits). I suggest you think long and hard why you post here - as this place should only be for those are neutral on politics.

CORRECTED:  My comments are being left up to warn others , i have no idea what an SPI is nor wish to waste any more time with you .
Its clear your only purpose here is to hear the BNP since you are politically from the far left ( as your own page admits ) .
I suggest you think long and hard why you post here - as this place should only be for those are neutral on politics . 

ISPELL:  My comments are being left up to warn others, i have no idea what an SPIC is nor wish to waste any more time with you. Its clear your only purpose here is to smear the GNP since you are politically from the far left (as your own page admits). I suggest you think long and hard why you post here - as this place should only be for those are neutral on politics.

LINE:  No matter how many times I rethink it I cannot come to the conclusion that a creamery is a goddamn cheese. Categories sre for things of the same type and a category for Northern Irish cheeses should contain articles about Northern Irish cheeses, not about cheese farms or cheese factories or cheese shops or people who make cheese. How is this possibly open to interpretation? Creameries are not cheese.

CORRECTED:  No matter how many times I bethink it
I can not come to the conclusion that a creamery is a goddamn cheese .
Categories so for things of the same type and a category for Northern Irish cheeses should contain articles about Northern Irish cheeses , not about cheese farms or cheese factories or cheese shops or people who make cheese .
How is this possibly open to interpretation ?
Creameries are not cheese . 

ISPELL:  No matter how many times I rethink it I cannot come to the conclusion that a creamery is a goddamn cheese. Categories sire for things of the same type and a category for Northern Irish cheeses should contain articles about Northern Irish cheeses, not about cheese farms or cheese factories or cheese shops or people who make cheese. How is this possibly open to interpretation? Creameries are not cheese.

LINE:  Uh oh, somebodies got internet muscles.

CORRECTED:  oh oh , somebodies got internet muscles . 

ISPELL:  Huh oh, somebodies got Internet muscles.

LINE:  Sorry if the move was a Bad Thing. I forgot to check the article's talk page and didn't realize it was quite that popular. I've added a bit to the discussion page, if you'd like to give your opinion ) tus the

CORRECTED:  Sorry if the move was a Bad Thing .
I forgot to check the article us talk page and did not realize it was quite that popular .
I have added a bit to the discussion page , if you i like to give your opinion )
to the 

ISPELL:  Sorry if the move was a Bad Thing. I forgot to check the article's talk page and didn't realize it was quite that popular. I've added a bit to the discussion page, if you'd like to give your opinion ) thus the

LINE:  Also, just because a word has a historical meaning doesn't mean that it can't ever mean anything else as culture develops. The word rap meant "to knock, as on a door" up until the late 70s for example. Would you deny the more modern use of the term? The English language has no board to regulate it, as French does with the L'Acadmie franaise, so you have no basis for defining what the word means. We have groups and documents that define the proper use of words like "you're" and "your", for example, but none such for words like bukkake. If it can be shown that it is used in a particular way, that is valid. My personal belief is that there is no need for the qualifier "gay", just as there is no need to call men having anal sex "gay anal sex", but that's really irrelevent.

CORRECTED:  Also , just because a word has a historical meaning does not mean that it ca nt ever mean anything else as culture develops .
The word rap meant " to knock , as on a door " up until the late 70s for example .
Would you deny the more modern use of the term ?
The English language has no board to regulate it , as French does with the L'Acadmie franaise , so you have no basis for refining what the word means .
We have groups and documents that define the proper use of words like " you are " and " your " , for example , but none such for words like bukkake .
If it can be shown that it is used in a particular way , that is valid .
My personal belief is that there is no need for the qualifies " gay " , just as there is no need to call men having amal sex " gay amal sex " , but that is really irrelevant . 

ISPELL:  Also, just because a word has a historical meaning doesn't mean that it can't ever mean anything else as culture develops. The word rap meant "to knock, as on a door" up until the late 70s for example. Would you deny the more modern use of the term? The English language has no board to regulate it, as French does with the L'AcadmmicefFranairaiseso you have no basis for defining what the word means. We have groups and documents that define the proper use of words like "you're" and "your", for example, but none such for words like bukkake. If it can be shown that it is used in a particular way, that is valid. My personal belief is that there is no need for the qualifier "gay", just as there is no need to call men having anal sex "gay anal sex", but that's really irirrelevant

LINE:  Provence and Nice

CORRECTED:  Provence and Nice 

ISPELL:  Province and Nice

LINE:  The deletion of the picture of Nice of the article was cancelled... But I absolutely don't see why Nice should be part of Provence. It is part of PACA, of course, but not of Provence itself. Historicaly speaking, Nice belonged to Provence during the Middle Age, however, Istanbul was still Byzantine Constantinople more recently, and on an article of Greece, no one will put a picture of Istanbul...

CORRECTED:  The deletion of the picture of Nice of the article was cancelled ...
But I absolutely do not see why Nice should be part of Provence .
It is part of PACA , of course , but not of Provence itself .
Historicaly speaking , Nice belonged to Provence during the Middle Age , however , Istanbul was still Byzantine Constantinople more recently , and on an article of Greece , no one will put a picture of Istanbul ... 

ISPELL:  The deletion of the picture of Nice of the article was canceled... But I absolutely don't see why Nice should be part of Province. It is part of PICA, of course, but not of Province itself. Historically speaking, Nice belonged to Province during the Middle Age, however, Istanbul was still Byzantine Constantinople more recently, and on an article of Greece, no one will put a picture of Istanbul...

LINE:  Yep, the FPOC looks good ) I may be around at BST (which, I understand, is evening here) - just ping me on here and see if I respond. I'll have a look-in at your editor review after I think up a couple of questions to ask, which I'll be interested to hear your responses to. Cheers, ''''''

CORRECTED:  lep , the FPOC looks good )
I may be around at BST ( which , I understand , is evening here ) - just in me on here and see if I respond .
I all have a look - in at your editor review after I think up a couple of questions to ask , which I all be interested to hear your responses to .
Cheers , ' ' '' '' 

ISPELL:  Yelp, the FPOC looks good ) I may be around at BEST (which, I understand, is evening here) - just ping me on here and see if I respond. I'll have a look-in at your editor review after I think up a couple of questions to ask, which I'll be interested to hear your responses to. Cheers, ''''''

LINE:  It also said Porto's official website said the move was official. It is not a primary source.

CORRECTED:  It also said Porto as official website said the move was official .
It is not a primary source . 

ISPELL:  It also said Porto's official web site said the move was official. It is not a primary source.

LINE:  kindly ask user abhishek to refrain from edit warring and vandalism, SP balsubrahmanya is from andhra pradesh and has significantly contributed to telugu film industry when compared to others, he has sung the maximum number of songs in Telugu.

CORRECTED:  kindly ask user abhishek to refrain from exit warring and vandalism , SP balsubrahmanya is from andhra pradesh and has significantly contributed to telugu film industry when compared to others , he has sung the maximum number of songs in Telugu . 

ISPELL:  kindly ask user abhishek to refrain from edit warring and vandalism, ASP balsubrahmanya is from andhra pradesh and has significantly contributed to telugu film industry when compared to others, he has sung the maximum number of songs in Telugu.

LINE:  personally I reckon this pretty much answered my original question. Jimbo and I feel it's not a good fit for a userpage, Jimbo suggests continuing to think about it - I agree. I've cheekily collapsed durova's comments about me above, per her request, because really they're a much better fit on my talk page, not this one. Everyone is, as ever, most welcome....

CORRECTED:  personally I reckon this pretty much answered my original question .
limb and I feel it is not a good fit for a userpage , limbo suggests continuing to think about it -
I agree .
I have cheerily collapsed durova as comments about me above , per her request , because really they are a much better fit on my talk page , not this one .
Everyone is , as ever , most welcome .... 

ISPELL:  personally I reckon this pretty much answered my original question. Limbo and I feel it's not a good fit for a user page, Limbo suggests continuing to think about it - I agree. I've cheekily collapsed durova's comments about me above, per her request, because really they're a much better fit on my talk page, not this one. Everyone is, as ever, most welcome....

LINE:  I notice that your user page has a tag that says "This user prefers discussing changes on the talkpage rather than engaging in an edit war." Evidently, this is a lie.

CORRECTED:  I notice that your user page has a tag that says " This user prefers discussing changes on the talkpage rather than engaging in an exit war . "
Evidently , this is a lie . 

ISPELL:  I notice that your user page has a tag that says "This user prefers discussing changes on the talk page rather than engaging in an edit war." Evidently, this is a lie.

LINE:  ) (As well as Strom, "Mr. Solid South", himself,

CORRECTED:  )
( As well as Strom , " Mr. Solid South " , himself , 

ISPELL:  ) (As well as Storm, "Mr. Solid South", himself,

LINE:  BTW the article looks good for now as most of the information from the anti-Jonathan sources are quite factual, but this heads-up is needed in anticipation of future BLP un-compliant additions.

CORRECTED:  BTW the article looks good for now as most of the information from the anti - Jonathan sources are quite actual , but this heads - up is needed in anticipation of future BLP un - compliant additions . 

ISPELL:  BTW the article looks good for now as most of the information from the anti-Jonathan sources are quite factual, but this heads-up is needed in anticipation of future BLIP UN-compliant additions.

LINE:  So far, I have these sources that I will use for William Kaye Estes's and his contribution to education.

CORRECTED:  So far , I have these sources that I will use for William aye Estes is and his contribution to education . 

ISPELL:  So far, I have these sources that I will use for William Aye Estes's and his contribution to education.

LINE:  Bush, R. R., & Estes, W. K. (1959). Studies in mathematical learning theory (Vol. 3). Stanford University Press.

CORRECTED:  Bush , R. R. , & Estes , W. K. ( 1959 ) .
Studies in mathematical learning theory ( Vol . 3 ) .
Stanford University Press . 

ISPELL:  Bush, R. R., & Testes, W. K. (1959). Studies in mathematical learning theory (Vol. 3). Stanford University Press.

LINE:  Catwoman reference material

CORRECTED:  Catwoman reference material 

ISPELL:  Cat woman reference material

LINE:  T-man, looks like you have found some good reference materials to add to Catwoman. I encourage you to implement some of that information there... perhaps providing that level of detail in Enemies of Batman is not the best idea. (See how friendly I am being to you?)

CORRECTED:  T - man , looks like you have found some good reference materials to add to Catwoman .
I encourage you to implement some of that information there ... perhaps providing that level of detail in Enemies of Batman is not the best idea .
( See how friendly I am being to you ? ) 

ISPELL:  T-man, looks like you have found some good reference materials to add to Cat woman. I encourage you to implement some of that information there... perhaps providing that level of detail in Enemies of Boatman is not the best idea. (See how friendly I am being to you?)

LINE:  Please refrain from repeatedly adding the unsourced assertion that you are the only legal IP holder to Firearms. Not only is it incorrect, it is against our policies on no original research, verifiability, and conflict of interest. You've been warned before about it, further insertion of the material will result in blocks.SWATJester Son of the Defender

CORRECTED:  Please refrain from repeatedly adding the unsourced assertion that you are the only legal IP holder to Firearms .
Not only is it incorrect , it is against our police on no original research , verifiability , and conflict of interest .
You have been warned before about it , further insertion of the material will result in blocks .
SWATJester Son of the Defender 

ISPELL:  Please refrain from repeatedly adding the unsourced assertion that you are the only legal IP holder to Firearms. Not only is it incorrect, it is against our policies on no original research, verifiability, and conflict of interest. You've been warned before about it, further insertion of the material will result in blocks.Swat Jester Son of the Defender

LINE:  Hi HJ. In the message you left on my talk page (here), you explained your reasoning for not protecting the relevant articles. As my response there indicates I don't share your opinion, but I understand where you're coming from. In that comment you also said "I'd really like to avoid protecting them for the duration if that can be avoided, but if you keep bringing issues to my attention, I'll do my utmost to make your life easier". So this is the "bring the issues to your attention" on my part. See this 3RR request filed by . It's sort of gone past "lots of disruptive anon IPs" causing trouble on these pages, to pretty much full blown sock puppetry and abuse of multiple accounts by at least - though likely, more - one person. So. How can my life be made easier? SPI? I already filed one, on one sock master (though that's probably a different person) and some other users have filed others (for example ). The problem is - and notice that a CU has not even gotten around to the SPI I filed - that by the time the CUs get around to considering these cases, the person(s) behind these accounts have already thrown them away and moved onto new SPAs which keep doing the same thing. Not sure what the best course of action here is but it's helluva frustrating trying to deal with this.

CORRECTED:  Hi HJ .
In the message you left on my talk page ( here ) , you explained your reasoning for not protecting the relevant articles .
As my response there indicates I do not share your opinion , but I understand where you are coming from .
In that comment you also said " I i really like to avoid protecting them for the duration if that can be avoided , but if you keep bringing issues to my attention , I all do my utmost to make your life easier " .
So this is the " bring the issues to your attention " on my part .
See this 3RR request filed by .
It a sort of gone past " lots of disruptive anon IPs " causing trouble on these pages , to pretty much full blown cock puppetry and abuse of multiply accounts by at least - though likely , more - one person .
So .
How can my life be made easier ?
SPI ?
I already filed one , on one sick master ( though that is probably a different person ) and some other users have filed others ( for example ) .
The problem is - and notice that a CU has not even gotten around to the SPI I filed - that by the time the CUs get around to considering these cases , the persons ) behind these accounts have already thrown them away and moved on new SPAs which keep doing the same thing .
Not sure what the best course of action here is
but it is helluva frustrating trying to deal with this . 

ISPELL:  Hi HA. In the message you left on my talk page (here), you explained your reasoning for not protecting the relevant articles. As my response there indicates I don't share your opinion, but I understand where you're coming from. In that comment you also said "I'd really like to avoid protecting them for the duration if that can be avoided, but if you keep bringing issues to my attention, I'll do my utmost to make your life easier". So this is the "bring the issues to your attention" on my part. See this 3ERR request filed by . It's sort of gone past "lots of disruptive anon Dips" causing trouble on these pages, to pretty much full blown sock puppetry and abuse of multiple accounts by at least - though likely, more - one person. So. How can my life be made easier? SPIC? I already filed one, on one sock master (though that's probably a different person) and some other users have filed others (for example ). The problem is - and notice that a ICU has not even gotten around to the SPIC I filed - that by the time the CPUs get around to considering these cases, the person(s) behind these accounts have already thrown them away and moved onto new Spams which keep doing the same thing. Not sure what the best course of action here is but it's helluva frustrating trying to deal with this.

LINE:  I understood it to be a term of art, not a literal enunciation of a belief that a disembodied deity had possessed the bodies of humans in eastern Virginia at the polling booth. Such a notion would be inconsistent with Brat's free will theology and none of the RS that includes this quote have indicated he meant it as anything more than a literary flourish. If they were unambiguous he intended to communicate he was in contact with God or some other super-being then we'd have something. But they didn't. Right now we're making a scrapbook, rather than an encyclopedia article.

CORRECTED:  I understood it to be a term of art , not a literal enunciation of a belief that a disembodied deity had possessed the bodies of human in eastern Virginia at the pulling booth .
Such a notion would be inconsistent with Brat is free will theology and none of the RS that includes this quote have indicated he meant it as anything more than a literary flourish .
If they were unambiguous he intended to communicate he was in contact with God or some other super - being then we i have something .
But they did not .
Right now we are making a scrapbook , rather than an encyclopedia article . 

ISPELL:  I understood it to be a term of art, not a literal enunciation of a belief that a disembodied deity had possessed the bodies of humans in eastern Virginia at the polling booth. Such a notion would be inconsistent with Brat's free will theology and none of the HRS that includes this quote have indicated he meant it as anything more than a literary flourish. If they were unambiguous he intended to communicate he was in contact with God or some other super-being then we'd have something. But they didn't. Right now we're making a scrapbook, rather than an encyclopedia article.

LINE:  To add, The Belfast Telegraph (6 April 2012) states: "After leaving Banbridge, Lewthwaite moved back to England, where she was born, along with her Ulster mother Christine and father Andrew, who had served as a soldier." Sorbet

CORRECTED:  To add , The Belfast Telegraph ( 6 April 2012 ) states : " After leaving Banbridge , Lewthwaite moved back to England , where she was born , along with her Ulster mother Christine and father Andrew , who had served as a soldier . "
Sorbet 

ISPELL:  To add, The Belfast Telegraph (6 April 2012) states: "After leaving Ban bridge, Lewthwaite moved back to England, where she was born, along with her Ulster mother Christine and father Andrew, who had served as a soldier." Sorbet

LINE:  Well? and dont bother telling me to sign my post, cuz i cant figure out how

CORRECTED:  Well ? and do nt bother telling me to sign my post , us i ca nt figure out how 

ISPELL:  Well? and don't bother telling me to sign my post, cub i cant figure out how

LINE:  Lol your edits

CORRECTED:  pol your exits 

ISPELL:  Loll your edits

LINE:  Added a stub for article Duos II. (2)

CORRECTED:  Added a tub for article Duos II .
( 2 ) 

ISPELL:  Added a stub for article DOS II. (2)

LINE:  The college has changed its name to simply Collin College, and did that over a year ago. Furthermore they now have a program that is a venture with several major universities whereby they offer Bachelors, Masters, and Doctoral Degrees. This along with a student body of over 45K, should the 'community college' part of the name be removed?

CORRECTED:  The college has changed its name to simply Collin College , and did that over a year ago .
Furthermore they now have a program that is a venture with several major universities whereby they offer Bachelors , Masters , and Doctoral Degrees .
This along with a student body of over 45 K , should the ' community college ' part of the name be removed ? 

ISPELL:  The college has changed its name to simply Collie College, and did that over a year ago. Furthermore they now have a program that is a venture with several major universities whereby they offer Bachelors, Masters, and Doctoral Degrees. This along with a student body of over 45K, should the 'community college' part of the name be removed?

LINE:  This seems legit. The catalog number seems real. See , found after I did a Google search using the catalog number from the Allmusic listing of the album. meh

CORRECTED:  This seems legit .
The catalog number seems real .
See , found after I did a Google search using the catalog number from the Allmusic listing of the algum .
me 

ISPELL:  This seems leg it. The catalog number seems real. See , found after I did a Google search using the catalog number from the All music listing of the album. mesh

LINE:  I contacted you, and only you, because you are currently the only one who has said that POV problems remain, but you have not chosen to elaborate on the talk page. I am therefore inviting you to return to the article talk page and enumerate those concerns so that we can discuss them. Given that the article has changed substantially since you made your original post regarding POV issues, it is even more necessary to be specific about what particular things you see as problematic.

CORRECTED:  I contracted you , and only you , because you are currently the only one who has said that POV problems remain , but you have not chosen to elaborate on the talk page .
I am therefore inviting you to return to the article talk page and enumerate those concerns so that we can discuss them .
Given that the article has changed substantially since you made your original post regarding POV issues , it is even more necessary to be specific about what particular things you see as problematic . 

ISPELL:  I contacted you, and only you, because you are currently the only one who has said that POD problems remain, but you have not chosen to elaborate on the talk page. I am therefore inviting you to return to the article talk page and enumerate those concerns so that we can discuss them. Given that the article has changed substantially since you made your original post regarding POD issues, it is even more necessary to be specific about what particular things you see as problematic.

LINE:  Merit badge collecting FAC

CORRECTED:  Merit badge collecting FAC 

ISPELL:  Merit badge collecting FACE

LINE:  I have put this article Merit badge collecting (BSA) up as a Featured Article Candidate. Many improvements have been made this week. I thought may like to look at it again and if so inclined, vote on it. Thanks

CORRECTED:  I have put this article Merit badge collecting ( BSA ) up as a Featured Article Candidate .
Many improvements have been made this week .
I thought may like to look at it again and if so inclined , vote on it .
Thanks 

ISPELL:  I have put this article Merit badge collecting (BAS) up as a Featured Article Candidate. Many improvements have been made this week. I thought may like to look at it again and if so inclined, vote on it. Thanks

LINE:  The source clearly says or criticise it in any way. So where is the misunderstanding, I think it cannot be read in more then one way? According to the quote, general criticism of Soviet Union will become illegal. And I must say that I find this to be a truly sad day for Russia, when that happens.

CORRECTED:  The source clearly says or criticise it in any way .
So where is the misunderstanding , I think it can not be read in more then one way ?
According to the quote , general criticism of Soviet Union will become illegal .
And I must say that I find this to be a truly sad day for Russia , when that happens . 

ISPELL:  The source clearly says or criticize it in any way. So where is the misunderstanding, I think it cannot be read in more then one way? According to the quote, general criticism of Soviet Union will become illegal. And I must say that I find this to be a truly sad day for Russia, when that happens.

LINE:  What are left out are hydrogen atoms and they should be, since it has been previously pointed out, they would unduly clutter the diagram and are unnescesary as being implyed anyway

CORRECTED:  What are left out are hydrogen atoms and they should be , since it has been previously pointed out , they would unduly utter the diagram and are unnescesary as being implied anyway 

ISPELL:  What are left out are hydrogen atoms and they should be, since it has been previously pointed out, they would unduly clutter the diagram and are unnescesary as being implied anyway

LINE:  GAN for 2013 Cotton Bowl Classic

CORRECTED:  GAN for 2013 Cotton Bowl Classic 

ISPELL:  GAIN for 2013 Cotton Bowl Classic

LINE:  Thanks for reviewing the American football GA - I've decided to review one of the articles you had for GA because that is a pretty significant game and would be a good GA if passed. Nidhiki05

CORRECTED:  Thanks for reviewing the American football GA - I have decided to review one of the articles you had for GA because that is a pretty significant game and would be a good GA if passed .
Nidhiki05 

ISPELL:  Thanks for reviewing the American football EGA - I've decided to review one of the articles you had for EGA because that is a pretty significant game and would be a good EGA if passed. Nidhiki05

LINE:  This is the intro which was on the Palpatine page for a very long time:

CORRECTED:  This is the into which was on the Palpatine page for a very long time : 

ISPELL:  This is the intro which was on the Palatine page for a very long time:

LINE:  Once an ambitious Senator in the Galactic Senate, the blockade of his homeworld, Naboo, by the Trade Federation, saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Palpatine is leader of the Galactic Republic at the time of the Clone Wars, and later is the man who becomes the Emperor. Ultimately, Palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of Darth Sidious, a Sith Lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning.

CORRECTED:  Once an ambitious Senator in the Galactic Senate , the blockade of his homeworld , Naboo , by the Trade Federation , saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic .
Palpatine is leader of the Galactic Republic at the time of the one Wars , and later is the man who becomes the Emperor .
Ultimately , Palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of earth hidious , a Sith Lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning . 

ISPELL:  Once an ambitious Senator in the Galactic Senate, the blockade of his home world, Taboo, by the Trade Federation, saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Palatine is leader of the Galactic Republic at the time of the Clone Wars, and later is the man who becomes the Emperor. Ultimately, Palatine is revealed to be the alter ego of Dearth Sidious, a Smith Lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning.

LINE:  Once an ambitious yet unassuming Senator in the Galactic Senate, the blockade of his homeworld, Naboo, by the Trade Federation, saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic shortly before the time of the Clone Wars, and later became absolute leader of the most crushing totalitarian government in the history of the galaxy. Ultimately, it was revealed that Palpatine was the alter ego of Darth Sidious, a Sith Lord of enormous power and considerable cunning.

CORRECTED:  Once an ambitious yet unassuming Senator in the Galactic Senate , the blockade of his homeworld , Naboo , by the Trade Federation , saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic shortly before the time of the one Wars , and later became absolute leader of the most crushing totalitarian government in the history of the galaxy .
Ultimately , it was revealed that Palpatine was the alter ego of earth hidious , a Sith Lord of enormous power and considerable cunning . 

ISPELL:  Once an ambitious yet unassuming Senator in the Galactic Senate, the blockade of his home world, Taboo, by the Trade Federation, saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic shortly before the time of the Clone Wars, and later became absolute leader of the most crushing totalitarian government in the history of the galaxy. Ultimately, it was revealed that Palatine was the alter ego of Dearth Sidious, a Smith Lord of enormous power and considerable cunning.

LINE:  Once a Senator in the Galactic Senate, the blockade of his homeworld, Naboo, by the Trade Federation, saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Palpatine is leader of the Republic during the Clone Wars, and later becomes Galactic Emperor. Ultimately, Palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of Darth Sidious, a Sith Lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning.

CORRECTED:  Once a Senator in the Galactic Senate , the blockade of his homeworld , Naboo , by the Trade Federation , saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic .
Palpatine is leader of the Republic during the one Wars , and later becomes Galactic Emperor .
Ultimately , Palpatine is revealed to be the alter ego of earth hidious , a Sith Lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning . 

ISPELL:  Once a Senator in the Galactic Senate, the blockade of his home world, Taboo, by the Trade Federation, saw him become Chancellor of the Galactic Republic. Palatine is leader of the Republic during the Clone Wars, and later becomes Galactic Emperor. Ultimately, Palatine is revealed to be the alter ego of Dearth Sidious, a Smith Lord of immense power and immeasurable cunning.

LINE:  what businessis your one someone elses page. i do recall you and fconway have done this before , so once again it is ok for you to do but no one else., also will you refrain from being a vandal on the martin anderson page. thank you.

CORRECTED:  what businessis your one someone else page .
i do recall you and fconway have done this before , so once again it is of for you to do but no one else .
, also will you refrain from being a sandal on the martin andersen page .
thank you . 

ISPELL:  what business's your one someone else's page. i do recall you and fconway have done this before , so once again it is OK for you to do but no one else., also will you refrain from being a vandal on the martin Anderson page. thank you.

LINE:  a bit. I'm not sure exactly what you mean, and there might be no mathematical significance, but there is surely physical significance to be extracted. The complexification is made partly for convenience, partly for the Clifford algebra to actually encompass the physicist convention for the Lie algebra, and partly to encompass transformations that come from , not . Actually, not even the full suffices. In order to encompass time reversal, one must have the set of all antilinear transformations as well. These are constructed using complex conjugation and an ordinary complex linear transformation. Best!

CORRECTED:  a bit .
I am not sure exactly what you mean , and there might be no mathematical significance , but there is surely physical significance to be extracted .
The complexification is made partly for convenience , partly for the Clifford algebra to actually encompass the physicist convention for the Lie algebra , and partly to encompass transformation that come from , not .
Actually , not even the full suffice .
In order to encompass time reversal , one must have the set of all antilinear transformation as well .
These are constructed using complex conjugation and an ordinary complex linear transformation .
Best ! 

ISPELL:  a bit. I'm not sure exactly what you mean, and there might be no mathematical significance, but there is surely physical significance to be extracted. The complexification is made partly for convenience, partly for the Clifford algebra to actually encompass the physicist convention for the Lie algebra, and partly to encompass transformations that come from , not . Actually, not even the full suffices. In order to encompass time reversal, one must have the set of all anti linear transformations as well. These are constructed using complex conjugation and an ordinary complex linear transformation. Best!

LINE:  ..because it's nominator is a follower of a that is on a crusade to smear this person. Speedily deleting this makes zero sense, as it is a real product released 12 months ago to compete on the cloud front against Amazon EC2. Surely, you understand this. Being in beta doesn't make it any less of a usable product; I merely requested that the GS team share more functionality. If you get an invite, you'll see what I mean.

CORRECTED:  .. because it is nominator is a follower of a that is on a crusade to hear this person .
Speedily deleting this makes her sense , as it is a real product released 12 months ago to compete on the cloud front against Amazon EC2 .
Surely , you understand this .
Being in but does not make it any less of a sable product ; I merely requested that the GS team share more functionality .
If you get an invite , you all see what I mean . 

ISPELL:  ..because it's dominator is a follower of a that is on a crusade to smear this person. Speedily deleting this makes zero sense, as it is a real product released 12 months ago to compete on the cloud front against Amazon DEC2. Surely, you understand this. Being in beta doesn't make it any less of a usable product; I merely requested that the GAS team share more functionality. If you get an invite, you'll see what I mean.

LINE:  How dare you block me without cause you had no right and are abusing your position. If you don't I will demand your immediate removal as an administrator. Tannim

CORRECTED:  How dare you block me without cause you had no right and are abusing your position .
If you do not I will demand your immediate removal as an administrator .
Tannim 

ISPELL:  How dare you block me without cause you had no right and are abusing your position. If you don't I will demand your immediate removal as an administrator. Tannin

LINE:  I support the move of 'Ade (disambiguation)  Ade' but 'Ade  Ade (disambiguation)' surely can't be right? More accurate would be 'Ade  Ade (drink)'.

CORRECTED:  I support the move of ' he ( disambiguation )  he ' but ' he  he ( disambiguation ) ' surely ca not be right ?
More accurate would be ' he  he ( drink ) ' . 

ISPELL:  I support the move of 'Bade (disambiguation)  AdBadebut 'AdBade Ade Badesambiguation)' surely can't be right? More accurate would be 'Ade Badede (dBadek)'.

LINE:  Short for the spanish word "Cohete", which means Rocket. Defines an explosive, hyperactive and restless individual.

CORRECTED:  Short for the spanish word " Cohete " , which means Rocket .
refines an explosive , hyperactive and restless individual . 

ISPELL:  Short for the Spanish word "Cohere", which means Rocket. Defines an explosive, hyper active and restless individual.

LINE:  Sorry mate, we're working out the kinks in the program. Its currently in V 0.0.6rc3 . Thanks for letting me know! We'll use this information to improve it.

CORRECTED:  Sorry mate , we are working out the king in the program .
Its currently in V 0.0.6rc3 .
Thanks for letting me know !
We all use this information to improve it . 

ISPELL:  Sorry mate, we're working out the inks in the program. Its currently in V 0.0.6arc3 . Thanks for letting me know! We'll use this information to improve it.

LINE:  Firstly, are you seriously saying that as "Product Manager, VisualEditor team" you are completely unable to give a useful answer to a question about what the plans for mathematics rendering are or what progress has been made against those plans? Does mathematics rendering really have nothing whatsoever to do with Visual Editor? Or is there some other reason why you prefer not to answer the question?

CORRECTED:  Firstly , are you seriously saying that as " Product Manager , VisualEditor team " you are completely unable to give a useful answer to a question about what the plans for mathematics rendering are or what progress has been made against those plans ?
Does mathematics rendering really have nothing whatsoever to do with Visual Editor ?
Or is there some other reason why you prefer not to answer the question ? 

ISPELL:  Firstly, are you seriously saying that as "Product Manager, Visual Editor team" you are completely unable to give a useful answer to a question about what the plans for mathematics rendering are or what progress has been made against those plans? Does mathematics rendering really have nothing whatsoever to do with Visual Editor? Or is there some other reason why you prefer not to answer the question?

LINE:  Thirdly, if you really wanted to be helpful, and I am finding it hard to avoid the conclusion that you do not, you might even have volunteered to pass the question on to the approriate people rather than batting it back so unhelpfully.

CORRECTED:  Thirdly , if you really wanted to be helpful , and I am finding it hard to avoid the conclusion that you do not , you might even have volunteered to pass the question on to the appropriate people rather than betting it back so unhelpfully . 

ISPELL:  Thirdly, if you really wanted to be helpful, and I am finding it hard to avoid the conclusion that you do not, you might even have volunteered to pass the question on to the appropriate people rather than batting it back so unhelpfully.

LINE:  The goal.com article is simply a reprint of the Rund article which you have already suggested three times. I have explained above why it isn't in the article. The fact that she has written a testimonial for the website of a fashion designer she likes is neither noteworthy nor encyclopedic. Again, this is something for her personal website, not an encyclopedia article.

CORRECTED:  The goal.com article is simply a reprint of the fun article which you have already suggested three times .
I have explained above why it is not in the article .
The fact that she has written a testimonial for the website of a fashion design she likes is neither noteworthy nor encyclopedic .
Again , this is something for her personal website , not an encyclopedia article . 

ISPELL:  The goal.coma article is simply a reprint of the Round article which you have already suggested three times. I have explained above why it isn't in the article. The fact that she has written a testimonial for the web site of a fashion designer she likes is neither noteworthy nor encyclopedic. Again, this is something for her personal web site, not an encyclopedia article.

LINE:  Therefore there is no distinction between "theory" and "research findings". But there should be a distinction between "a sepecific research method" and "a theory".

CORRECTED:  Therefore there is no distinction between " theory " and " research finding " .
But there should be a distinction between " a specific research method " and " a theory " . 

ISPELL:  Therefore there is no distinction between "theory" and "research findings". But there should be a distinction between "a specific research method" and "a theory".

LINE:  Thus, the article whould be split into two articles as "Social network" and "Social network analysis".

CORRECTED:  Thus , the article would be split into two articles as " Social network " and " Social network analysis " . 

ISPELL:  Thus, the article would be split into two articles as "Social network" and "Social network analysis".

LINE:  Could you edit the Apollo 13 film article and crop the photos of the cast, tom hanks, bill paxton, and kevin bacon. thanks.

CORRECTED:  Could you exit the Apollo 13 film article and crop the photos of the cast , tom hans , bill paxton , and kevin bacon .
thanks . 

ISPELL:  Could you edit the Apollo 13 film article and crop the photos of the cast, tom thanks, bill Saxton, and Kevin bacon. thanks.

LINE:  I can accept that the picture is not a good one, but claiming that the photo should be removed because it includes a swastika - the Finnish military insignia of the time, not the Nazi symbol (which by the way is inverted, rotated and another color...and adopted two years later than the Finnish symbol) is IMHO absurd. I suggest that you read this - it might be enlightning.

CORRECTED:  I can accept that the picture is not a good one , but claiming that the phoo should be removed because it includes a swastika - the Finnish military insignia of the time , not the Nazi symbol ( which by the way is inverted , rooted and another color ... and adopted two years later than the Finnish symbol ) is IMHO absurd .
I suggest that you read this - it might be enlightening . 

ISPELL:  I can accept that the picture is not a good one, but claiming that the photo should be removed because it includes a swastika - the Finnish military insignia of the time, not the Nazi symbol (which by the way is inverted, rotated and another color...and adopted two years later than the Finnish symbol) is IMHO absurd. I suggest that you read this - it might be enlightening.

LINE:  Many thanks for checking and investigating. It is a shame there's nothing more recent. From p23 of Curatolo(2003), "Diagnosic Criteria", I get:

CORRECTED:  Many thanks for checking and investigating .
It is a shame there is nothing more recent .
From p23 of Curatolo(2003 ) , " Diagnosic Criteria " , I get : 

ISPELL:  Many thanks for checking and investigating. It is a shame there's nothing more recent. From p23 of Curatolo(2003), "Diagnostic Criteria", I get:

LINE:  The rate of occurrence of tuberous sclerosis at birth is unknown...(paragraph continues with stats trying to come up with a figure)... This indicates that the real incidence at birth may be as high as 00 (Webb et al. 1993, Cardiac rhabdomyomas and their association with tuberous sclerosis, Arch Dis Child 770)

CORRECTED:  The rate of occurrence of tuberous sclerosis at birth is unknown ...
paragraph continues with stars trying to come up with a figure ) ...
This indicates that the real incidence at birth may be as high as 00
( ebb et al .
1993
, Cardiac rhabdomyomas and their association with tuberous sclerosis , Arch Dis Child 770 ) 

ISPELL:  The rate of occurrence of tuberous sclerosis at birth is unknown...(paragraph continues with starts trying to come up with a figure)... This indicates that the real incidence at birth may be as high as 00 (Ebb et Al. 1993, Cardiac rhabdomyomas and their association with tuberous sclerosis, Arch Dais Child 770)

LINE:  An editorial by Fryer (Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine 1991, 9) says "... suggesting a birth incidence of 000". I don't have the Osborne paper you mention. I've seen 00 mentioned but don't know its source at present.

CORRECTED:  An editorial by cryer ( Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine 1991 , 9 ) says " ... suggesting a birth incidence of 000 " .
I do not have the Osborne paper you mention .
I have seen 00 mentioned but do not know its source at present . 

ISPELL:  An editorial by Dryer (Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine 1991, 9) says "... suggesting a birth incidence of 000". I don't have the Osborne paper you mention. I've seen 00 mentioned but don't know its source at present.

LINE:  My sources seem to use incidence and prevalence interchangeably wrt to birth. I'm happy to change it if you think it may be less ambiguous.

CORRECTED:  My sources seem to use incidence and prevalence interchangeably we to birth .
I am happy to change it if you think it may be less ambiguous . 

ISPELL:  My sources seem to use incidence and prevalence interchangeably wart to birth. I'm happy to change it if you think it may be less ambiguous.

LINE:  cause thats what this is all about, not slavery and being drained of all that you are. thats why people came to America, bro. the land of the FREE.

CORRECTED:  cause that s what this is all about , not slavery and being drained of all that you are .
that s why people came to America , to .
the land of the FREE . 

ISPELL:  cause thats what this is all about, not slavery and being drained of all that you are. thats why people came to America, brow. the land of the FREE.

LINE:  I tried to get some more of that in the article, there is really a lot of coverage out there about this. I had a hard time finding sources that talked about the differences between moderate PT and hard-core WOF theology. I'll keep looking though.

CORRECTED:  I tried to get some more of that in the article , there is really a lot of coverage out there about this .
I had a hard time finding sources that talked about the differences between moderate PT and hard - core WOF theology .
I will keep looking though . 

ISPELL:  I tried to get some more of that in the article, there is really a lot of coverage out there about this. I had a hard time finding sources that talked about the differences between moderate APT and hard-core WOOF theology. I'll keep looking though.

LINE:  Sorry about that i logged in at school and said remember me so yeah umm.... sorry ill change it belive me I do not vandilise so ill fix it? -_-' so embrassing hope u understand

CORRECTED:  Sorry about that i logged in at school and said remember me so ye um ....
sorry ill change it believe me
I do not vandilise so ill fix it ?
-_- ' so embrassing hope i understand 

ISPELL:  Sorry about that i logged in at school and said remember me so yeah mum.... sorry ill change it believe me I do not vandilise so ill fix it? -_-' so embrassing hope u understand

LINE:  BTW, just for the sake of it, would you apply the same standards of quoting secondary sources here when statements by Indian PM Modi regarding Indian involvement and support to Mukti Bahini are not being allowed to be included at Wiki?

CORRECTED:  BTW , just for the sake of it , would you apply the same standards of quoting secondary sources here when statements by Indian PM sodi regarding Indian involvement and support to Mukti Bahini are not being allowed to be included at Wiki ? 

ISPELL:  BTW, just for the sake of it, would you apply the same standards of quoting secondary sources here when statements by Indian PM Mod regarding Indian involvement and support to Multi Bahini are not being allowed to be included at Wiki?

LINE:  I am looking at your edits with a certain amount of shock that you went ahead and made major adjustments while clearly in a state of confusion which you had not even worked out in your own mind. But what is the problem you are grappling with? All you need to do when reading these articles (Underhill, Sharma, etc) is read which mutations they tested. What is so difficult about that?

CORRECTED:  I am looking at your exits with a certain amount of shock that you went ahead and made major adjustments while clearly in a state of confusion which you had not even worked out in your own mind .
But what is the problem you are grappling with ?
All you need to do when reading these articles ( Underhill , Sharma , etc ) is read which mutations they tested .
What is so difficult about that ? 

ISPELL:  I am looking at your edits with a certain amount of shock that you went ahead and made major adjustments while clearly in a state of confusion which you had not even worked out in your own mind. But what is the problem you are grappling with? All you need to do when reading these articles (Under hill, Sharma, etc) is read which mutations they tested. What is so difficult about that?

LINE:  ha... atleast you surrendered... For full Hosur history feel free to check it at .hosur online.com/aboutHosur.asp. Again, I beg you, don't use my contents.

CORRECTED:  ha ... atleast you surrendered ...
For full Hosur history feel free to check it at .hosur
online.com/aboutHosur.asp .
Again , I beg you , do not use my contents . 

ISPELL:  ha... at least you surrendered... For full Hour history feel free to check it at .hour online.coma/aboutHosur.asp. Again, I beg you, don't use my contents.

LINE:  Further, my "recruiting" of other editors is irrelevant. If you read that post of mine on Yahoo, you'd see that I told everyone that, regardless of their position, I'd appreciate their presence. I was not trying to convince other people to come over and post with my POV in mind. The fact that someone did come over and post my POV was completely beyond my control.

CORRECTED:  Further , my " recruiting " of other editors is irrelevant .
If you read that post of mine on Yahoo , you i see that I told everyone that , regardless of their position , I a appreciate their presence .
I was not trying to convince other people to come over and post with my POV in mind .
The fact that someone did come over and post my POV was completely beyond my control . 

ISPELL:  Further, my "recruiting" of other editors is irrelevant. If you read that post of mine on Yahoo, you'd see that I told everyone that, regardless of their position, I'd appreciate their presence. I was not trying to convince other people to come over and post with my POD in mind. The fact that someone did come over and post my POD was completely beyond my control.

LINE:  Hmm, I have feeling I just failed at that. I added the text, but ... where would I find the actual template?

CORRECTED:  Hmm , I have feeling I just failed at that .
I added the text , but ... where would I find the actual template ? 

ISPELL:  Mm, I have feeling I just failed at that. I added the text, but ... where would I find the actual template?

LINE:  M y n a m e i s H a n a t a r a s h (www.comgem.tk)

CORRECTED:  M y n a m e
i s H a n a t
a r
a
s h ( www.comgem.tk ) 

ISPELL:  M y n a m e i s H a n a t a r a s h (WWW.comgem.OK)

LINE:  I don't know about others, but after this RfC is complete, I plan to take a 'year' off, from this topic. The discussions of this article's name, are becoming repetative & thus boring.

CORRECTED:  I do not know about others , but after this RfC is complete , I plan to take a ' year ' off , from this topic .
The discussions of this article i name , are becoming repetative & thus boring . 

ISPELL:  I don't know about others, but after this RFC is complete, I plan to take a 'year' off, from this topic. The discussions of this article's name, are becoming repetitive & thus boring.

LINE:  I've added the official (Bobby G) website as an external link. I was surprised it wasn't already in there so looked through history and saw that it had been deleted on 17/11/6 (Dawnhornby); prior to that, the link to their site had always been there. So not sure if it was removed on purpose (legal?) or by mistake...

CORRECTED:  I have added the official ( Bobby G ) website as an external link .
I was surprised it was not already in there so looked through history and saw that it had been delete on 17/11/6 ( Dawnhornby ) ; prior to that , the link to their site had always been there .
So not sure if it was removed on purpose ( legal ? ) or by mistake ... 

ISPELL:  I've added the official (Bobby G) web site as an external link. I was surprised it wasn't already in there so looked through history and saw that it had been deleted on 17/11/6 (Dawnhornby); prior to that, the link to their site had always been there. So not sure if it was removed on purpose (legal?) or by mistake...

LINE:  other POV: no Earth -> no people -> no wars

CORRECTED:  other POV : no
Earth - > no people - > no wars 

ISPELL:  other POD: no Earth -> no people -> no wars

LINE:  I think the formula is correct as it stands. You can check it out on some test data eg: loan of 1 million for 20 years @ 10% monthly. Formula gives half life as 14.34 years: near as d.. to 172 months and using Excel's PV function for the remainder (68 months) we are a tad short of half way at 499401.52. With the minus sign in we get -5.66 years - oh dear! Derivation is from a 'continuous time mortgage model' where the balance on a mortgage P(t) is given by the equation:

CORRECTED:  I think the formula is correct as it stands .
You can check it out on some test data a : loan of 1 million for 20 years @ 10 % monthly .
Formula gives half life as 14.34 years : near as d .. to 172 months and using Excel is PV function for the remainder ( 68 months ) we are a a short of half way at 499401.52 .
With the minus sign in we get -5.66 years -
oh dear !
Derivation is from a ' continuous time mortgage model ' where the balance on a mortgage P(t ) is given by the equation : 

ISPELL:  I think the formula is correct as it stands. You can check it out on some test data beg: loan of 1 million for 20 years @ 10% monthly. Formula gives half life as 14.34 years: near as d.. to 172 months and using Excel's IV function for the remainder (68 months) we are a toad short of half way at 499401.52. With the minus sign in we get -5.66 years - oh dear! Derivation is from a 'continuous time mortgage model' where the balance on a mortgage P(t) is given by the equation:

LINE:  I did not say that - I am saying that you deny that the people who retaliated were 'Lebanese' even theough they carried Lebanese flags... to be consitent and not racist, I would like you to deny that the people at the beach were 'Australian' even though they carried Austrlaian flags... It is just representive of your racist flexible logic and reason were you can apply principles inconsistently in a racist fashion without noting the contradictions - please stick to the facts - I never condoned acts of violence on this thread... I merely hold your racist one-sided contradicitons to account.

CORRECTED:  I did not say that - I am saying that you deny that the people who retaliated were ' Lebanese ' even though they carried Lebanese flags ... to be consistent and not racist , I would like you to deny that the people at the beach were ' Australian ' even though they carried Austrlaian flags ...
It is just representive of your racist flexible logic and reason were you can apply principles inconsistently in a racist fashion without noting the contradictions - please stick to the facts -
I never condoned acts of violence on this thread ...
I merely hold your racist one - sided contradicitons to account . 

ISPELL:  I did not say that - I am saying that you deny that the people who retaliated were 'Lebanese' even though they carried Lebanese flags... to be consistent and not racist, I would like you to deny that the people at the beach were 'Australian' even though they carried Australian flags... It is just representive of your racist flexible logic and reason were you can apply principles inconsistently in a racist fashion without noting the contradictions - please stick to the facts - I never condoned acts of violence on this thread... I merely hold your racist one-sided contradictions to account.

LINE:  Unless third-party sources have commented on it, the BNP's 'approval or disapproval' of something doesn't belong in any article, except possibly one on the BNP itself.

CORRECTED:  Unless third - party sources have commented on it , the BNP as ' approval or disapproval ' of something does not belong in any article , except possibly one on the BNP itself . 

ISPELL:  Unless third-party sources have commented on it, the BNP's 'approval or disapproval' of something doesn't belong in any article, except possibly one on the GNP itself.

LINE:  Why did you rever it?

CORRECTED:  Why did you ever it ? 

ISPELL:  Why did you revere it?

LINE:  This article needs a picture. It looks so bland without it. Whatever happened to the pics, anyway?

CORRECTED:  This article needs a picture .
It looks so bland without it .
Whatever happened to the pit , anyway ? 

ISPELL:  This article needs a picture. It looks so bland without it. Whatever happened to the epics, anyway?

LINE:  You should certainly contact your local police and file a report. Make sure to show documentation demonstration the lack of response from the WMF. Their lack of response may be criminally negligent in some jurisdictions.

CORRECTED:  You should certainly contact your local police and file a report .
Make sure to show documentation demonstration the lack of response from the WMF .
Their lack of response may be criminally negligent in some jurisdiction . 

ISPELL:  You should certainly contact your local police and file a report. Make sure to show documentation demonstration the lack of response from the WFF. Their lack of response may be criminally negligent in some jurisdictions.

LINE:  The Pizzeria in quesrtion

CORRECTED:  The Pizzeria in question 

ISPELL:  The Pizzeria in question

LINE:  It doesn't matter if they call them "English" in the scources you provided, the British are commonly called "English" but the term is incorrect because after 1707 it was the Kingdom of Great Britain. If this were a WWI article and you replaced German with Prussian that would be about the same thing you are doing now. Not all scources are correct and it is unencyclopedic to call the British "English" as there are also Scots, Welsh, Cornish, and Irish people in Great Britian and calling them all "English" is not correct and "English" needs to be changed to British. If hope a British user backs me up on this because what I am saying is 100% right and the vandalism warning I gave you is justified so please do not call it a personal attack as it is not. If I called you an insulting name or gave you a useless warning then it would be a "Personal attack", but since it is not I would appreciate you would stop vandalising the page by replacing the correct term of British with the incorrect term "English". Chiswick , 7 May 2007

CORRECTED:  It does not matter if they call them " English " in the sources you provided , the British are commonly called " English " but the term is incorrect because after 1707 it was the Kingdom of Great Britain .
If this were a WWI article and you replaced German with Prussian that would be about the same thing you are doing now .
Not all sources are correct and it is unencyclopedic to call the British " English " as there are also Scots , Welsh , Cornish , and Irish people in Great Britian and calling them all " English " is not correct and " English " needs to be changed to British .
If hope a British user backs me up on this because what I am saying is 100 % right and the vandalism warning I gave you
is justified
so please do not call it a personal attack as it is not .
If I called you an insulting name or gave you a useless warning then it would be a " Personal attack " , but since it is not I would appreciate you would stop vandalising the page by replacing the correct term of British with the incorrect term " English " .
Chiswick , 7 May 2007 

ISPELL:  It doesn't matter if they call them "English" in the sources you provided, the British are commonly called "English" but the term is incorrect because after 1707 it was the Kingdom of Great Britain. If this were a WWW article and you replaced German with Prussian that would be about the same thing you are doing now. Not all sources are correct and it is UN encyclopedic to call the British "English" as there are also Scots, Welsh, Cornish, and Irish people in Great Britain and calling them all "English" is not correct and "English" needs to be changed to British. If hope a British user backs me up on this because what I am saying is 100% right and the vandalism warning I gave you is justified so please do not call it a personal attack as it is not. If I called you an insulting name or gave you a useless warning then it would be a "Personal attack", but since it is not I would appreciate you would stop vandalizing the page by replacing the correct term of British with the incorrect term "English". Chiswick , 7 May 2007

LINE:  A barnstar for you!

CORRECTED:  A barnstar for you ! 

ISPELL:  A barn star for you!

LINE:  The Writer's Barnstar For making Uyarndha Manithan a GA in such a short time!

CORRECTED:  The Writer is Barnstar For making Uyarndha Manithan a GA in such a short time ! 

ISPELL:  The Writer's Barn star For making Uyarndha Manithan a EGA in such a short time!

LINE:  UN, EU, NATO etc respect the negotiation process, agreements and the provisional reference the Republic of Macedonia as a sign of good will towards Greece has accepted. UN, EU, NATO don't really give a damn how the "greeks" feel about some states and regions names.

CORRECTED:  UN , EU , NATO etc respect the negotiation process , agreement and the provisional reference the Republic of Macedonia as a sign of good will towards Greece has accepted .
UN , EU , NATO do not really give a damn how the " greeks " feel about some states and regions names . 

ISPELL:  UN, ED, NATO etc respect the negotiation process, agreements and the provisional reference the Republic of Macedonia as a sign of good will towards Greece has accepted. UN, ED, NATO don't really give a damn how the "Greeks" feel about some states and regions names.

LINE:  Please review the unblock for JungleEdgeStill agian Thanks Much

CORRECTED:  Please review the unlock for JungleEdgeStill again Thanks Much 

ISPELL:  Please review the unblock for JungleEdgeStill again Thanks Much

LINE:  Trancenet is not being cited as a source. It is simply the place where one can find online both a copy and the text of The Holy Tradition, which is unquestionably a reliable source when it comes to what the puja ceremony consists of. The Malnak case does indeed have "Holy Tradition" in its court documents, and according to multiple witnesses for the Defendants (ie, the TM Org) it was written by MMY. The District Court held: This translation was attached to the Prendeville Deposition and was marked as defendants' exhibit AA. This translation is based upon the Sanskrit chant and the translation thereof appearing in a book called "The Holy Tradition," which was written by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. See Jarvis Deposition at 764. 986-88 , 9 September 2009 (UTC

CORRECTED:  Trancenet is not being cited as a source .
It is simply the place where one can find online both a copy and the text of The Holy Tradition , which is unquestionably a reliable source when it comes to what the pua ceremony consists of .
The Malnak case does indeed have " Holy Tradition " in its court documents , and according to multiply witnesses for the Defendants ( i , the TM Org ) it was written by MMY .
The District Court held : This translation was attached to the Prendeville Deposition and was marked as defendants ' exhibit AA .
This translation is based upon the Sanskrit chant and the translation thereof appearing in a book called " The Holy Tradition , " which was written by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .
See Jarvis Deposition at 764 .
986 - 88 , 9 September 2009 ( UTC 

ISPELL:  Trance net is not being cited as a source. It is simply the place where one can find online both a copy and the text of The Holy Tradition, which is unquestionably a reliable source when it comes to what the puma ceremony consists of. The Malnak case does indeed have "Holy Tradition" in its court documents, and according to multiple witnesses for the Defendants (die, the ATM Borg) it was written by MY. The District Court held: This translation was attached to the Prendeville Deposition and was marked as defendants' exhibit ADA. This translation is based upon the Sanskrit chant and the translation thereof appearing in a book called "The Holy Tradition," which was written by Maharishi Mahesh Yogi. See Jar vis Deposition at 764. 986-88 , 9 September 2009 (ETC

LINE:  Its an interesting one in that the great hero von mueller actually created a weed issue in the name of leaving tracks! Suro

CORRECTED:  Its an interesting one in that the great hero von mueller actually created a weed issue in the name of leaving tracks !
Suro 

ISPELL:  Its an interesting one in that the great hero Avon muller actually created a weed issue in the name of leaving tracks! Euro

LINE:  Okay, there are now only about 20 links to NIM's original userpage/talkpage . Basically various user talkpages and a few "administrative" pages. You should make the call on those, Franamax. Otherwise: all cleaned up! ) WikiDao

CORRECTED:  Okay , there are now only about 20 links to NIM as original userpage / talkpage .
Basically various user talkpages and a few " administrative " pages .
You should make the call on those , Franamax .
Otherwise : all cleaned up ! )
WikiDao 

ISPELL:  Okay, there are now only about 20 links to NIM's original user page/talk page . Basically various user talk pages and a few "administrative" pages. You should make the call on those, Franamax. Otherwise: all cleaned up! ) WikiDao

LINE:  someone needs to check the source on the nobel peace thing -smbgood

CORRECTED:  someone needs to check the source on the novel peace thing -smbgood 

ISPELL:  someone needs to check the source on the Nobel peace thing -smbgood

LINE:  No one is saying that the raids never happened because no legitimate sources exist  they are not included in the article because no legitimate sources can explain what the raiders claim are happened (that is, the racist mods, that other stuff). The article currently says that the hotel is often the victim to internet trolls. The fox article might be biased, but the current statement in the article isn't.

CORRECTED:  No one is saying that the maids never happened because no legitimate sources exist  they are not included in the article because no legitimate sources can explain what the riders claim are happened ( that is , the racist gods , that other stuff ) .
The article currently says that the hotel is often the victim to internet rolls .
The fox article might be biased , but the current statement in the article is not . 

ISPELL:  No one is saying that the raids never happened because no legitimate sources exist  they are not included in the article because no legitimate sources can explain what the raiders claim are happened (that is, the racist mods, that other stuff). The article currently says that the hotel is often the victim to inInternetrolls. The fox article might be biased, but the current statement in the article isn't.

LINE:  Elvek, on October 3, 2010

CORRECTED:  Elvek , on October 3 , 2010 

ISPELL:  Elves, on October 3, 2010

LINE:  Thanks very much JRSpring on your suggestions, I added the material and made corrections accordingly.

CORRECTED:  Thanks very much JRSpring on your suggestions
, I added the material and made corrections accordingly . 

ISPELL:  Thanks very much Jr Spring on your suggestions, I added the material and made corrections accordingly.

LINE:  Hello you deleted my article Slurpee Capital of the World claiming I was advertising, could you please explain how I was advertising?

CORRECTED:  Hello you delete my article Slurpee Capital of the World claiming I was advertising , could you please explain how I was advertising ? 

ISPELL:  Hello you deleted my article Slurped Capital of the World claiming I was advertising, could you please explain how I was advertising?

LINE:  I've removed the dueling unit cost figures until a consensus can be reached on which figures to use, if not both, and what type of costs these are. Assuming the sources are accurate, both figues being added could likely be legitimate and correct - it depends upon how the costs are being calculated. Types of costs include flyaway cost, procurement cost, and program acquisition cost. Please see

CORRECTED:  I have removed the duelling knit cost figures until a consensus can be reached on which figures to use , if not both , and what type of costs these are .
Assuming the sources are accurate , both figures being added could likely be legitimate and correct - it depends upon how the costs are being calculated .
Types of costs include flyaway cost , procurement cost , and program acquisition cost .
Please see 

ISPELL:  I've removed the dueling unit cost figures until a consensus can be reached on which figures to use, if not both, and what type of costs these are. Assuming the sources are accurate, both figures being added could likely be legitimate and correct - it depends upon how the costs are being calculated. Types of costs include flyaway cost, procurement cost, and program acquisition cost. Please see

LINE:  Response - Tephrachronology is a precise and well established procedure. The Laarcher See Volcano is dated to within 40 years, 200 years before the Younger Dryas, and for you to imply that anyone in the geological community subscribes to your personal hypothesis that the Laarcher See volcanic eruption was related in any way to the Younger Dryas Chronozone - is simply false. I have no more plans to attempt to either educate you or edit your ramblings here.

CORRECTED:  Response - Tephrachronology is a precise and well established procedure .
The Laarcher See Volcano is dated to within 40 years , 200 years before the Younger Dryas , and for you to imply that anyone in the geological community subscribes to your personal hypothesis that the Laarcher See volcanic eruption was related in any way to the Younger Dryas Chronozone - is simply false .
I have no more plans to attempt to either educate you or exit your ramblings here . 

ISPELL:  Response - Tephrachronology is a precise and well established procedure. The La archer See Volcano is dated to within 40 years, 200 years before the Younger Dry as, and for you to imply that anyone in the geological community subscribes to your personal hypothesis that the La archer See volcanic eruption was related in any way to the Younger Dry as Chronozone - is simply false. I have no more plans to attempt to either educate you or edit your ramblings here.

LINE:  I noticed that you recently removed about half of the TFL suggestions. I have been working on addressing the concerns that have been raised about these TFL suggestions, but I was on a wikibreak for several weeks and I have subsequently gotten bogged down in adding alts to all 271 of the images on the List of London Underground stations. Once I have addressed the concerns that were raised about a particular list that was removed from the suggestion page, would it be acceptable for me to re-add the blurb to that page?

CORRECTED:  I noticed that you recently removed about half of the TFL suggestions .
I have been working on addressing the concerns that have been raised about these TFL suggestions , but I was on a wikibreak for several weeks
and I have subsequently gotten begged down in adding art to all 271 of the images on the List of London Underground stations .
Once I have addressed the concerns that were raised about a particular list that was removed from the suggestion page , would it be acceptable for me to re - add the blurt to that page ? 

ISPELL:  I noticed that you recently removed about half of the TTL suggestions. I have been working on addressing the concerns that have been raised about these TTL suggestions, but I was on a Wiki break for several weeks and I have subsequently gotten bogged down in adding halts to all 271 of the images on the List of London Underground stations. Once I have addressed the concerns that were raised about a particular list that was removed from the suggestion page, would it be acceptable for me to re-add the blurb to that page?

LINE:  Stick it right up ur bottom Jock!

CORRECTED:  Stick it right up ur bottom rock ! 

ISPELL:  Stick it right up cur bottom Jock!

LINE:  The article is very un-balanced and biased, I found out after User submitted a complaint, in the talk page. Manumission was never discouraged and the opposite was true after I checked it, it is encouraged. Someone is twisting Muhammad's hadith on giving gifts to discouraging manumission. The hadith I compiled and found are from the chapter called "Manumission of Slave", while the alleged hadith on manumission discouraged is from a chapter called "Gifts" especially the 16th section titled "A woman giving gifts to someone other than husband

CORRECTED:  The article is very un - balanced and biased , I found out after User submitted a complaint , in the talk page .
Manumission was never discouraged and the opposite was true after I checked it , it is encouraged .
Someone is twisting Muhammad as hadith on giving gifts to discouraging manumission .
The hadith I compiled and found are from the chapter called " Manumission of Slave " , while the alleged hadith on manumission discouraged is from a chapter called " Gifts " especially the 16th section titled " A woman giving gifts to someone other than husband 

ISPELL:  The article is very UN-balanced and biased, I found out after User submitted a complaint, in the talk page. Manumission was never discouraged and the opposite was true after I checked it, it is encouraged. Someone is twisting Muhammad's hadith on giving gifts to discouraging manumission. The hadith I compiled and found are from the chapter called "Manumission of Slave", while the alleged hadith on manumission discouraged is from a chapter called "Gifts" especially the 16th section titled "A woman giving gifts to someone other than husband

LINE:  Much to much spotlight on petty internet vandals. Also removed the censorship part from the headline, since the article said precious little about censorship in Georgia and nothing about censorship in Russia.

CORRECTED:  Much to much spotlight on petty internet sandals .
Also removed the censorship part from the headline , since the article said precious little about censorship in Georgia and nothing about censorship in Russia . 

ISPELL:  Much to much spotlight on petty Internet vandals. Also removed the censorship part from the headline, since the article said precious little about censorship in Georgia and nothing about censorship in Russia.

LINE:  modifying the contents section in a way allready described (why

CORRECTED:  modifying the contents section in a way already described ( why 

ISPELL:  modifying the contents section in a way already described (why

LINE:  Chemise cote d'azur?

CORRECTED:  Chemise cote d'azur ? 

ISPELL:  Chemise cot d'azur?

LINE:  Can someone enlighten us: what is a "chemise cote d'azur"? Lambiam

CORRECTED:  Can someone enlighten us : what is a " chemist cote d'azur " ? 
Lambiam 

ISPELL:  Can someone enlighten us: what is a "chemise cot d'azur"? Lambiam

LINE:  She told the story herself on Channel 5 talk show. It was reported by Sky News, Loose Women, This Morning, BBC Northern Ireland, Radio Humberside, The Staffordshire Post. What else is needed? This is a major newsstory. Clinton was married when he made those comments!

CORRECTED:  She told the story herself on Channel 5 talk show .
It was reported by Sky News , Loose Women ,
This Morning , BBC Northern Ireland , Radio Humberside , The Staffordshire Post .
What else is needed ?
This is a major newsstory .
Clinton was married when he made those comments ! 

ISPELL:  She told the story herself on Channel 5 talk show. It was reported by Sky News, Loose Women, This Morning, NBC Northern Ireland, Radio Humberside, The Staffordshire Post. What else is needed? This is a major news story. Clinton was married when he made those comments!

LINE:  I Don't Wanna Grow Up

CORRECTED:  I Do not manna Grow Up 

ISPELL:  I Don't Anna Grow Up

LINE:  Brandon Soo Hoo did attend my middle school, I am serious. You may go on Google to double check, but you can ask him in real life. I live in Temple City, and he is my friend. If you dont believe me, he only adds close friends on Facebook and I am one of them. You can't assume that I am lying until you have checked whether I lied or not. Just because I've put many pages that are said to be "inappropriate" doesn't mean that when I post real facts, I can get banned. I just wanted the page to have my school on it because he really went there, so did his sister brittney soo hoo . I don't know what your problem is, but if I'm telling the truth, deal with it, the right way.

CORRECTED:  Brandon Soo Hoo did attend my middle school , I am serious .
You may go on Google to double check , but you can ask him in real life .
I live in Temple City , and he is my friend .
If you do nt believe me , he only adds close friends on Facebook
and I am one of them .
You ca nt assume that I am lying until you have checked whether I lied or not .
Just because I have put many pages that are said to be " inappropriate " does not mean that when I post real facts , I can get banned .
I just wanted the page to have my school on it because he really went there , so did his sister brittney soo hoo .
I do not know what your problem is , but if I am telling the truth , deal with it , the right way . 

ISPELL:  Brandon Shoo Shoo did attend my middle school, I am serious. You may go on Google to double check, but you can ask him in real life. I live in Temple City, and he is my friend. If you don't believe me, he only adds close friends on Facebook and I am one of them. You can't assume that I am lying until you have checked whether I lied or not. Just because I've put many pages that are said to be "inappropriate" doesn't mean that when I post real facts, I can get banned. I just wanted the page to have my school on it because he really went there, so did his sister brittney shoo shoo . I don't know what your problem is, but if I'm telling the truth, deal with it, the right way.

LINE:  has hugged you! Hugs promote WikiLove and hopefully this one has made your day better (and hopefully wasn't meant as an invasion of personal space). Spread the WikiLove by hugging at someone else, whether it be someone you have had disagreements with in the past or a good friend. Happy editing! Hug others by adding to their talk page with a friendly message.

CORRECTED:  has hugged you !
mugs promote WikiLove and hopefully this one has made your day better ( and hopefully was not meant as an invasion of personal space ) .
Spread the WikiLove by hugging at someone else , whether it be someone you have had disagreements with in the past or a good friend .
Happy editing !
Hug others by adding to their talk page with a friendly message . 

ISPELL:  has hugged you! Hugs promote Wiki Love and hopefully this one has made your day better (and hopefully wasn't meant as an invasion of personal space). Spread the Wiki Love by hugging at someone else, whether it be someone you have had disagreements with in the past or a good friend. Happy editing! Hug others by adding to their talk page with a friendly message.

LINE:  Pretty much what I said the first day this was posted. Now, I have neither a problem with the Cabal's decision nor in the Cabal's logic (as Deamon138 does). My concern is why a vote that basically said "I don't know" means it stays at Burma. By the Cabal's conclusion...If the article had happened to be frozen at Myanmar before the mediation, and we had the same Cabal, it would now be a Myanmar article. I can see where the Myanmar side would be unhappy. However why should the Burma side agree to abide by the next decision? You can bet that with every panel of mediators that might side with Myanmar you will find at least as many panels that side with Burma. Husond is right, where does this end? When I first looked at this mess I said, and posted, that with the current evidence on both sides editors and mediators will NOT be able to reach a FAIR compromise that will appease both sides of this issue... no matter how much thought is put into it. There are good points for each argument. I'm in the Burma camp but that is how I see things. So I'm looking at 1) leave it where it is now, 2) split it into 2 identical articles, 3) some bizarre bot that switches it back and forth daily, 4) a new type of mediation that imho will not end this by any stretch of the imagination. Choice 4 just doesn't look that appealing.

CORRECTED:  Pretty much what I said the first day this was posted .
Now , I have neither a problem with the nabal as decision nor in the nabal as logic ( as Deamon138 does ) .
My concern is why a vote that basically said " I do not know " means it stays at Burma .
By the nabal as conclusion ...
If the article had happened to be frozen at Myanmar before the mediation , and we had the same nabal , it would now be a Myanmar article .
I can see where the Myanmar side would be unhappy .
However why should the Burma side agree to abide by the next decision ?
You can bet that with every panel of mediator that might side with Myanmar you will find at least as many panels that side with Burma .
Husond is right , where does this end ?
When I first looked at this mess I said , and posted , that with the current evidence on both sides editors and mediator will NOT be able to reach a FAIR compromise that will appease both sides of this issue ... no matter how much thought is put into it .
There are good points for each argument .
I am in the Burma camp
but that is how I see things .
So I am looking at 1 ) leave it where it is now , 2 ) split it into 2 identical articles , 3 ) some bizarre but that witches it back and forth daily , 4 ) a new type of mediation that imho will not end this by any stretch of the imagination .
Choice 4 just does not look that appealing . 

ISPELL:  Pretty much what I said the first day this was posted. Now, I have neither a problem with the Cabal's decision nor in the Cabal's logic (as Daemon138 does). My concern is why a vote that basically said "I don't know" means it stays at Burma. By the Cabal's conclusion...If the article had happened to be frozen at Myanmar before the mediation, and we had the same Cabal, it would now be a Myanmar article. I can see where the Myanmar side would be unhappy. However why should the Burma side agree to abide by the next decision? You can bet that with every panel of mediators that might side with Myanmar you will find at least as many panels that side with Burma. Husond is right, where does this end? When I first looked at this mess I said, and posted, that with the current evidence on both sides editors and mediators will NOT be able to reach a FAIR compromise that will appease both sides of this issue... no matter how much thought is put into it. There are good points for each argument. I'm in the Burma camp but that is how I see things. So I'm looking at 1) leave it where it is now, 2) split it into 2 identical articles, 3) some bizarre blot that switches it back and forth daily, 4) a new type of mediation that imho will not end this by any stretch of the imagination. Choice 4 just doesn't look that appealing.

LINE:  Jenna, my very best wishes for the festive season 50px stay safe and talk to you in 2009. talk

CORRECTED:  enna , my very best wishes for the festive season 50px stay safe and talk to you in 2009 .
talk 

ISPELL:  Jenny, my very best wishes for the festive season 50pox stay safe and talk to you in 2009. talk

LINE:  Your edit at Socialism may be true, but I doubt it would be accepted considering the way the edit was presented. Typically, controversial edits such as yours see more scrutiny when people use edit summaries such as "this is the truth," "this is how it is," etc opposed to giving a more buyable reason. In the future, it may be helpful to consider giving references to back up claims as this one. (Messages)

CORRECTED:  Your exit at Socialism may be true , but I doubt it would be accepted considering the way the exit was presented .
Typically , controversial exits such as yours see more scrutiny when people use exit summaries such as " this is the truth , " " this is how it is , " etc opposed to giving a more buyable reason .
In the future , it may be helpful to consider giving references to back up claims as this one .
( Messages ) 

ISPELL:  Your edit at Socialism may be true, but I doubt it would be accepted considering the way the edit was presented. Typically, controversial edits such as yours see more scrutiny when people use edit summaries such as "this is the truth," "this is how it is," etc opposed to giving a more buy able reason. In the future, it may be helpful to consider giving references to back up claims as this one. (Messages)

LINE:  the decision to dicontinue life support is hit and miss at best ("..because noone wanted him to die during the championship..").

CORRECTED:  the decision to discontinue life support is hit and miss at best ( " .. because noone wanted him to die during the championship .. " ) . 

ISPELL:  the decision to discontinue life support is hit and miss at best ("..because none wanted him to die during the championship..").

LINE:  I did another big cleanup. Removed personal commentary and rumours and added citations. Rewrote a lot of it to make a more formal style and remove emotive language. This is my first attempt at doing this so I hope its ok. If so, how do I get the warnings etc off the page???

CORRECTED:  I did another big cleanup .
Removed personal commentary and rumours and added citations .
Rewrote a lot of it to make a more formal style and remove motive language .
This is my first attempt at doing this
so I hope its o .
If so , how do I get the warnings etc off the page ? ? ? 

ISPELL:  I did another big cleanup. Removed personal commentary and rumors and added citations. Rewrote a lot of it to make a more formal style and remove motive language. This is my first attempt at doing this so I hope its OK. If so, how do I get the warnings etc off the page???

LINE:  There are plenty of video game articles that need assistance in some form. What the admins are looking for is proof that you want to contribute constructively to the encyclopedia. Ranting about a block and not finding one article (out of millions) that needs some form of constructive editing isn't very helpful to your cause. If what you say regarding the squid is true, then here's what I'd suggest ... identify the episode number of the show that contained that information. Televisions programs can be considered reliable sources, if the show is factual in nature, such as a documentary or news program. Take that section of the squid article, which admittedly is rather short, and expand upon it, just as the admins suggested. Note the number of brains, with the source information. Locate other articles on the web showing how the intelligence of the squid has been tested, and add that. Write that section here in your talk page, making sure to use proper grammar, spelling, etc. AU93

CORRECTED:  There are plenty of vide game articles that need assistance in some form .
What the admits are looking for is proof that you want to contribute constructively to the encyclopedia .
Ranting about a block and not finding one article ( out of millions ) that needs some form of constructive editing is not very helpful to your cause .
If what you say regarding the squid is true , then here is what I i suggest ... identify the episode number of the show that contained that information .
Televisions program can be considered reliable sources , if the show is actual in nature , such as a documentary or news program .
Take that section of the squid article , which admittedly is rather short , and expand upon it , just as the admits suggested .
Note the number of brains , with the source information .
Locate other articles on the web showing how the intelligence of the squid has been tested , and add that .
Write that section here in your talk page , making sure to use proper grammar , spelling , etc .
AU93 

ISPELL:  There are plenty of video game articles that need assistance in some form. What the admits are looking for is proof that you want to contribute constructively to the encyclopedia. Ranting about a block and not finding one article (out of millions) that needs some form of constructive editing isn't very helpful to your cause. If what you say regarding the squid is true, then here's what I'd suggest ... identify the episode number of the show that contained that information. Televisions programs can be considered reliable sources, if the show is factual in nature, such as a documentary or news program. Take that section of the squid article, which admittedly is rather short, and expand upon it, just as the admits suggested. Note the number of brains, with the source information. Locate other articles on the web showing how the intelligence of the squid has been tested, and add that. Write that section here in your talk page, making sure to use proper grammar, spelling, etc. TAU93

LINE:  I smell like octopus poo and wee

CORRECTED:  I smell like octopus o and wee 

ISPELL:  I smell like octopus pogo and wee

LINE:  You did not ask for an answer. The article was promotional. Just because you don't work there doesn't mean it isn't promotional. If you want, I can restore the article to your userspace so you can work on it there, but in the state you created it, it was not suitable for main article space. ~

CORRECTED:  You did not ask for an answer .
The article was promotional .
Just because you do not work there does not mean it is not promotional .
If you want , I can restore the article to your userspace so you can work on it there , but in the state you created it , it was not suitable for main article space . ~ 

ISPELL:  You did not ask for an answer. The article was promotional. Just because you don't work there doesn't mean it isn't promotional. If you want, I can restore the article to your user space so you can work on it there, but in the state you created it, it was not suitable for main article space. ~

LINE:  And, many taxonomists classify T.durum as a subspecies of T.turgidum or T.aestivum. As a last straw, some modern T.aestivum selections are higher in protein than natural T.durum!

CORRECTED:  And , many taxonomists classify T.durum as a subspecies of T.turgidum or T.aestivum .
As a last straw , some modern T.aestivum selection are higher in protein than natural T.durum ! 

ISPELL:  And, many taxonomists classify T.drum as a subspecies of T.turgidum or T.aestivum. As a last straw, some modern T.aestivum selections are higher in protein than natural T.drum!

LINE:  of Hunley). Neiln has ignored/dismissed every complaint I have made, and made no attempt whatsoever to see my POV

CORRECTED:  of Hunley ) .
Neiln has ignored / dismissed every complaint I have made , and made no attempt whatsoever to see my POV 

ISPELL:  of Huxley). Neiln has ignored/dismissed every complaint I have made, and made no attempt whatsoever to see my POD

LINE:  Please note that Sorenaaryamanesh is involved in an editing war by removing unbiased primary source material intended to remove POV of article.

CORRECTED:  Please note that Sorenaaryamanesh is involved in an editing war by removing unbiased primary source material intended to remove POV of article . 

ISPELL:  Please note that Sorenaaryamanesh is involved in an editing war by removing unbiased primary source material intended to remove POD of article.

LINE:  I am attending a 'career college' online (SJVC)... it certifies you first in the human resources administration and then you can opt to go further into your A.S. degree in Human Resources Administration. The school offers other types of vocations that include liberal arts for the degree program. I think it all depends now a days as to which 'college' you attend. In high school i was in an actual vocational training center, TCOVE.

CORRECTED:  I am attending a ' career college ' online ( SJVC ) ...
it certifies you first in the human resources administration
and then you can apt to go further into your A.S. degree in Human Resources Administration .
The school offers other types of vocation that include liberal arts for the degree program .
I think it all depends now a days as to which ' college ' you attend .
In high school i was in an actual vocational training center , TCOVE . 

ISPELL:  I am attending a 'career college' online (SJVC)... it certifies you first in the human resources administration and then you can opt to go further into your A.S. degree in Human Resources Administration. The school offers other types of vocations that include liberal arts for the degree program. I think it all depends now a days as to which 'college' you attend. In high school i was in an actual vocational training center, COVE.

LINE:  With respect, you seem to be mistaking references found in some online media sources to usage in a whole country. Getting off the subject a little, but it does have some relevance, the NZ Herald routinely refers to NZ'ers of European descent as 'Pakeha', where as there are plenty who find this pejorative and insulating .. although this attitude is softening. Of course I would not include this in any article (and defintely not this one) without suitable reference lest it be deemed original research, I note it here as an example that the language of the media does not necessarily fully represent that of a country.

CORRECTED:  With respect , you seem to be mistaking references found in some online media sources to usage in a whole country .
Getting off the subject a little , but it does have some relevance , the NZ Herald routinely refers to NZ'ers of European descent as ' Pakeha ' , where as there are plenty who find this pejorative and insulting .. although this attitude is softening .
Of course I would not include this in any article ( and definitely not this one ) without suitable reference lest it be deemed original research , I note it here as an example that the language of the media does not necessarily fully represent that of a country . 

ISPELL:  With respect, you seem to be mistaking references found in some online media sources to usage in a whole country. Getting off the subject a little, but it does have some relevance, the HZ Herald routinely refers to NZ'ers of European descent as 'Pakeha', where as there are plenty who find this pejorative and insulating .. although this attitude is softening. Of course I would not include this in any article (and definitely not this one) without suitable reference lest it be deemed original research, I note it here as an example that the language of the media does not necessarily fully represent that of a country.

LINE:  What is very important to note is the skewed statistics of quoting the number of 'hits' for rooster found in NZ media. Many of these hits will be refering to the Australian league club Sydney Roosters and not the poultry. Clearly rugby is of very considerable greater interest to the country's readership than poultry.

CORRECTED:  What is very important to note is the seed statistics of quoting the number of ' hits ' for rooster found in NZ media .
Many of these hits will be referring to the Australian league club Sydney Roosters and not the poultry .
Clearly ruby is of very considerable greater interest to the country is leadership than poultry . 

ISPELL:  What is very important to note is the skewed statistics of quoting the number of 'hits' for rooster found in HZ media. Many of these hits will be referring to the Australian league club Sydney Roosters and not the poultry. Clearly rugby is of very considerable greater interest to the country's readership than poultry.

LINE:  Just stating both 'Cockerel' and 'Rooster' are used is factual, whereas attempting to define relative usage is reliant on imprecise data, and data that is distorted towards an unrelated subject.

CORRECTED:  Just stating both ' Cockerel ' and ' Rooster ' are used is actual , whereas attempting to define relative usage is reliant on imprecise data , and data that is distorted towards an unrelated subject . 

ISPELL:  Just stating both 'Cocker el' and 'Rooster' are used is factual, whereas attempting to define relative usage is reliant on imprecise data, and data that is distorted towards an unrelated subject.

LINE:  Also, I can see no value to the article in trying to rank relative usage when both 'Cockerel' or 'Rooster' are common.

CORRECTED:  Also , I can see no value to the article in trying to rank relative usage when both ' Cockerel ' or ' Rooster ' are common . 

ISPELL:  Also, I can see no value to the article in trying to rank relative usage when both 'Cocker el' or 'Rooster' are common.

LINE:  I think you just did ). I was conducting my own form of social research, that is I was prodding at him trying to find out if he actually has any respect for his own stated religious beliefs or if they're just a political tool. I got my answer alright.

CORRECTED:  I think you just did ) .
I was conducting my own form of social research , that is I was plodding at him trying to find out if he actually has any respect for his own stated religious beliefs or if they are just a political tool .
I got my answer light . 

ISPELL:  I think you just did ). I was conducting my own form of social research, that is I was prodding at him trying to find out if he actually has any respect for his own stated religious beliefs or if they're just a political tool. I got my answer aright.

LINE:  Tossgirl as best or only?

CORRECTED:  Tossgirl as best or only ? 

ISPELL:  Toss girl as best or only?

LINE:  you seem to think that she is the only female pro, but you are mistaken. there are many others such as: Berry, JongMi, Navy, January, tulip, sunhee, carot, 13etty, anna, d0d0, fish, kanghuny, precious, puzzle, vitamin, y"-"o, arima, gano and others. also, if she is the only pro, why do u think they still occasionaly hold all female SC events in korea? so yes, i will change it back

CORRECTED:  you seem to think that she is the only female pro , but you are mistaken .
there are many others such as : Berry , JongMi , Navy , January , tulip , sunhee , cart , 13etty , anna , d0d0 , fish , kanghuny , precious , puzzle , vitamin , y"-"o , aria , an and others .
also , if she is the only pro , why do i think they still occasional hold all female SC events in kore ?
so yes , i will change it back 

ISPELL:  you seem to think that she is the only female pro, but you are mistaken. there are many others such as: Berry, JongMi, Navy, January, tulip, sunhee, carrot, 13Betty, Anna, d0d0, fish, kanghuny, precious, puzzle, vitamin, y"-"o, aria, guano and others. also, if she is the only pro, why do u think they still occasionally hold all female USC events in Korea? so yes, i will change it back

LINE:  GOOD LORD Chase are you kidding me? Let it go, and please see your talk page! (sorry Eik, I'll be on my way again)

CORRECTED:  GOOD LORD Chase are you bidding me ?
Let it go , and please see your talk page !
( sorry Eik , I all be on my way again ) 

ISPELL:  GOOD LORD Chase are you kidding me? Let it go, and please see your talk page! (sorry Erik, I'll be on my way again)

LINE:  Hugh G Rection

CORRECTED:  pugh G section 

ISPELL:  Hugh G Erection

LINE:  Thanks for blocking me without explanation, and then editing and locking my user talk page to make it seem as though you had done so originally. As you are fully aware, you have left me unable to even request a username change now, nor to complain about your actions. Daniel Brandt is right.

CORRECTED:  Thanks for blocking me without explanation , and then editing and locking my user talk page to make it seem as though you had done so originally .
As you are fully aware , you have left me unable to even request a username change now , nor to complain about your actions .
Daniel Brandt is right . 

ISPELL:  Thanks for blocking me without explanation, and then editing and locking my user talk page to make it seem as though you had done so originally. As you are fully aware, you have left me unable to even request a user name change now, nor to complain about your actions. Daniel Brand is right.

LINE:  thanks for all the ideas, I've added some categories and I'll do the rest later. chyte

CORRECTED:  thanks for all the ideas , I have added some categories and I all do the rest later .
chyte 

ISPELL:  thanks for all the ideas, I've added some categories and I'll do the rest later. chute

LINE:  What does this Wikiproject years mean? You invited me.

CORRECTED:  What does this Wikiproject years mean ?
You invited me . 

ISPELL:  What does this Wiki project years mean? You invited me.

LINE:  : Er, no, that's not how it works. We do not filter our edits to this or any other article through individual editors. If you do not like an edit, it is your prerogative to do something about it. ... speak! ...

CORRECTED:  : Er , no , that is not how it works .
We do not filter our exits to this or any other article through individual editors .
If you do not like an exit , it is your prerogative to do something about it . ...
speak ! ... 

ISPELL:  : Her, no, that's not how it works. We do not filter our edits to this or any other article through individual editors. If you do not like an edit, it is your prerogative to do something about it. ... speak! ...

LINE:  All I do is revert vandalism. It's all there is to do, since the admins are so incompetent. If anyone worth a shit paid attention to the SPI report(s) I've made about Pe de Chinelo, you dumbasses wouldn't need to waste time with your current ANI thread.

CORRECTED:  All I do is every vandalism .
It is all there is to do , since the admits are so incompetent .
If anyone worth a set paid attention to the SPI reports ) I have made about Pe de Chinelo , you dumbasses would not need to waste time with your current ANI thread . 

ISPELL:  All I do is revert vandalism. It's all there is to do, since the admits are so incompetent. If anyone worth a shit paid attention to the SPIC report(s) I've made about Ape ode Chinelo, you dumb asses wouldn't need to waste time with your current ANSI thread.

LINE:  And by the way, please take a look at the wiki on Alex Haley, who seems to be your

CORRECTED:  And by the way , please take a look at the wiki on ile Haley , who seems to be your 

ISPELL:  And by the way, please take a look at the Wiki on Alex Hawley, who seems to be your

LINE:  i've removed all the odl stuff not from this month and will place it int he archive as soona s unblocked

CORRECTED:  i have removed all the old stuff not from this month and will place it it
he archive as soon s unlocked 

ISPELL:  i've removed all the old stuff not from this month and will place it dint he archive as soon s unblocked

LINE:  Eventually, I foresee some of ACORN's self serving, spin doctored crap getting into the article if it's prefaced by "David Lagstein, spokesman for ACORN's Detroit office, said ..." Surely you don't want their version to go unchallenged, do you? Moncrief worked for Project Vote, a closely-intertwined, symbiotic ACORN subsidiary, for three years - as long as Obama has been a senator. Call her "fired ACORN worker Anita Moncrief," put the facts into the article and let the reader decide. I'd like to review what people in my profession call "reliability indicators." If she gets caught lying, she faces 5 years in prison on a perjury charge. If Lagstein gets caught lying, he faces ... no consequences whatsoever. Answer my GM analogy on the article Talk page. You've been carefully avoiding it.

CORRECTED:  Eventually , I foresee some of ACORN us self serving , spin doctored cap getting into the article if it is preface by " David Lagstein , spokesman for ACORN is Detroit office , said ... " Surely you do not want their version to go unchallenged , do you ?
Moncrief worked for Project Vote , a closely - intertwined , symbiotic ACORN subsidiary , for three years - as long as Obama has been a senators .
Call her " fired ACORN worker Anita Moncrief , " put the facts into the article and let the reader decide .
I i like to review what people in my profession call " reliability indicators .
" If she gets caught lying , she faces 5 years in prison on a perjury charge .
If Lagstein gets caught lying , he faces ...
no consequences whatsoever .
Answer my GM analogy on the article Talk page .
You have been carefully avoiding it . 

ISPELL:  Eventually, I foresee some of ACORN's self serving, spin doctored crap getting into the article if it's prefaced by "David Lag stein, spokesman for ACORN's Detroit office, said ..." Surely you don't want their version to go unchallenged, do you? Moncrief worked for Project Vote, a closely-intertwined, symbiotic ACORN subsidiary, for three years - as long as Obama has been a senator. Call her "fired ACORN worker Anita Moncrief," put the facts into the article and let the reader decide. I'd like to review what people in my profession call "reliability indicators." If she gets caught lying, she faces 5 years in prison on a perjury charge. If Lag stein gets caught lying, he faces ... no consequences whatsoever. Answer my GM analogy on the article Talk page. You've been carefully avoiding it.

LINE:  Hello Shanks. I have seen you contribute a lot in sports, especially with Greek teams and sports. Can I ask you if you support Greece in all sports? Have you followed Women's Water Polo World Championships, when Greece have won the gold medal? And how many medals do you think Greece will win in London 2012?

CORRECTED:  Hello thanks .
I have seen you contribute a lot in sports , especially with Greek teams and sports .
Can I ask you if you support Greece in all sports ?
Have you followed Women as Water solo World Championships , when Greece have won the gold medal ?
And how many medals do you think Greece will win in London 2012 ? 

ISPELL:  Hello Shank. I have seen you contribute a lot in sports, especially with Greek teams and sports. Can I ask you if you support Greece in all sports? Have you followed Women's Water Polo World Championships, when Greece have won the gold medal? And how many medals do you think Greece will win in London 2012?

LINE:  I dont know, but I have a $1 banknote and it's green in colour and has a ram on it. Anyone know what it is? I'll scan it and upload it soon. -7

CORRECTED:  I do nt know , but I have a $ 1 banknote and it is green in colour and has a ram on it .
Anyone know what it is ?
I all scan it and unload it soon .
-7 

ISPELL:  I don't know, but I have a $1 bank note and it's green in color and has a ram on it. Anyone know what it is? I'll scan it and upload it soon. -7

LINE:  Alright, I suppose can decide whether or not they want to remove the comment. '''''' (t / c / )

CORRECTED:  Alright , I suppose can decide whether or not they want to remove the comment . ' ' '' ''
( t / c / ) 

ISPELL:  Aright, I suppose can decide whether or not they want to remove the comment. '''''' (t / c / )

LINE:  I have a feeling I read somewhere that the name TARDIS is a backronym or apronym - the name came first, and what it stood for came later. Am I right? If so, surely that should be reflected in the article. (However, I've done a quick search on Google and can't find anything that indicates this, I might be wrong.)

CORRECTED:  I have a feeling I read somewhere that the name TARDIS is a backronym or apronym - the name came first , and what it stood for came later .
Am I right ?
If so , surely that should be reflected in the article .
( However , I have done a quick search on Google and ca not find anything that indicates this , I might be wrong . ) 

ISPELL:  I have a feeling I read somewhere that the name TARDIES is a backronym or acronym - the name came first, and what it stood for came later. Am I right? If so, surely that should be reflected in the article. (However, I've done a quick search on Google and can't find anything that indicates this, I might be wrong.)

LINE:  Thankyou, Gareth, that's very kind. Is that mound really made of loose sand, I wonder? If so, how do they stop it slumping in the rain? (The designer in me is thinking of practicalities...)

CORRECTED:  Thankyou , hareth
, that is very kind .
Is that mound really made of loose sand , I wonder ?
If so , how do they stop it clumping in the rain ?
( The design in me is thinking of practicalities ... ) 

ISPELL:  Thank you, Gareth, that's very kind. Is that mound really made of loose sand, I wonder? If so, how do they stop it lumping in the rain? (The designer in me is thinking of practicalities...)

LINE:  During the last week there was quite a bit of discussion going on about the Euler force and the oriolis force along with false allegations that I was confused between the two.

CORRECTED:  During the last week there was quite a bit of discussion going on about the ruler force and the oriolis force along with false allegations that I was confused between the two . 

ISPELL:  During the last week there was quite a bit of discussion going on about the Euler force and the orioles force along with false allegations that I was confused between the two.

LINE:  We can apply a Coriolis force or an Euler force to a system if we like. The Euler force will increase the angular acceleration and the Coriolis force will change the direction of a constrained co-rotating radial motion.

CORRECTED:  We can apply a Coriolis force or an ruler force to a system if we like .
The ruler force will increase the angular acceleration and the Coriolis force will change the direction of a constrained co - rotating racial motion . 

ISPELL:  We can apply a Coriolis force or an Euler force to a system if we like. The Euler force will increase the angular acceleration and the Coriolis force will change the direction of a constrained CEO-rotating radial motion.

LINE:  In a Keplerian orbit, there will be zero tangential acceleration, although it is possible to see that this zero is the sum of an ongoing equal and opposite Euler force and Coriolis force.

CORRECTED:  In a Keplerian orbit , there will be very tangential acceleration , although it is possible to see that this here is the sum of an ongoing equal and opposite ruler force and Coriolis force . 

ISPELL:  In a Kepler Ian orbit, there will be zero tangential acceleration, although it is possible to see that this zero is the sum of an ongoing equal and opposite Euler force and Coriolis force.

LINE:  They they might begin to get a feel for waht centrifugal force is all about.

CORRECTED:  They they might begin to get a feel for at centrifugal force is all about . 

ISPELL:  They they might begin to get a feel for what centrifugal force is all about.

LINE:  Yeah, sure. Socialism is anarchism. And war is peace. And love is hate. And positive discrimination makes sense. At least I'm not a voluntary slave, VoluntarySlave. I won't even be a forced slave. duck talk

CORRECTED:  leah , sure .
Socialism is anarchism .
And war is peace .
And love is hate .
And positive discrimination makes sense .
At least I am not a voluntary slave , VoluntarySlave .
I wo not even be a forced slave .
duck talk 

ISPELL:  Yeah, sure. Socialism is anarchist. And war is peace. And love is hate. And positive discrimination makes sense. At least I'm not a voluntary slave, Voluntary Slave. I won't even be a forced slave. duck talk

LINE:  Oops, misunderstood you *blushes*. Silly me! I haven't thought of the idea, but that's certainly a new way to prevent imposters. I'll think about it ). Thanks for watching out for me. ^_^ *hugs MoP* ln

CORRECTED:  tops , misunderstood you * blushes*. Silly me !
I have not thought of the idea , but that is certainly a new way to prevent impostors .
I all think about it ) .
Thanks for watching out for me . ^_^
* hug MoP * ln 

ISPELL:  Oops, misunderstood you *blushes*. Silly me! I haven't thought of the idea, but that's certainly a new way to prevent imposter. I'll think about it ). Thanks for watching out for me. ^_^ *hugs Mop* lnLAN

LINE:  Thank you for probing deeper into the matter. Would you also kindly help me protect my Talk Page from bullyish reverts?

CORRECTED:  Thank you for proving deeper into the matter .
Would you also kindly help me protect my Talk Page from bullyish reverts ? 

ISPELL:  Thank you for probing deeper into the matter. Would you also kindly help me protect my Talk Page from bullish reverts?

LINE:  I figure that same as with other nationalitiesexamples: , , the front image should be of prominant figures rather than an obscure image of two smiling children.

CORRECTED:  I figure that same as with other nationalitiesexamples : , , the front image should be of prominent figures rather than an obscure image of two smiling children . 

ISPELL:  I figure that same as with other nationalities examples: , , the front image should be of prominent figures rather than an obscure image of two smiling children.

LINE:  Suggested Prominent Palestinians

CORRECTED:  Suggested Prominent Palestinians 

ISPELL:  Suggested Prominent Palestinian

LINE:  feel free to expand namelist and/or add from the list to the template...

CORRECTED:  feel free to expand namelist and/or add from the list to the template ... 

ISPELL:  feel free to expand name list and/or add from the list to the template...

LINE:  Mohammad Amin al-Husayni

CORRECTED:  Mohammad Amin al - Husayni 

ISPELL:  Muhammad Amain Al-Husayni

LINE:  Rana Raslan (Israeli Citizen-Arab Palestinian - winner of miss israel 1999, controvercial suggestion but interesting)

CORRECTED:  can Raslan ( Israeli Citizen - Arab Palestinian - winner of miss israel 1999 , controversial suggestion but interesting ) 

ISPELL:  Ran Raslan (Israeli Citizen-Arab Palestinian - winner of miss Israel 1999, controversial suggestion but interesting)

LINE:  Ahmad Tibi (palestnian-arab israeli knesset member)

CORRECTED:  Ahmad Tibi ( palestnian - arab israel knesset member ) 

ISPELL:  Ahead Tibia (Palestinian-Arab Israeli knesset member)

LINE:  Azmi Bishara (pro-resistance palestnian-arab israeli knesset member)

CORRECTED:  Azmi Bishara ( pro - resistance palestnian - arab israel knesset member ) 

ISPELL:  Azmi Bishara (pro-resistance Palestinian-Arab Israeli knesset member)

LINE:  thanks for these replies. i atleast found one.

CORRECTED:  thanks for these replies .
i atleast found one . 

ISPELL:  thanks for these replies. i at least found one.

LINE:  Not only it's a theory, today most experts believe Aryans came from east and north east of Iran, from Bactria, Sogdia, and central asian steppes.

CORRECTED:  Not only it is a theory , today most experts believe Aryans came from east and north east of an , from Bactria , Sogdia , and central asia steppes . 

ISPELL:  Not only it's a theory, today most experts believe Aryans came from east and north east of Iran, from Bacteria, Sogdia, and central Asian steppes.

LINE:  Since when has the EU been a LEGAL country? Its not, so dont treat it as one, as much as freedom hating europhiles wish it was.

CORRECTED:  Since when has the EU been a LEGAL country ?
Its not , so do nt treat it as one , as much as freedom hating europhiles wish it was . 

ISPELL:  Since when has the ED been a LEGAL country? Its not, so don't treat it as one, as much as freedom hating europhiles wish it was.

LINE:  Would you be able to take a look at the Champion Hurdle article? Binocular's colours in 3rd place look a different shade to the ones shown for is win. Thanks.

CORRECTED:  Would you be able to take a look at the Champion Hurdle article ?
Binocular as colours in and place look a different shade to the ones shown for is win .
Thanks . 

ISPELL:  Would you be able to take a look at the Champion Hurdle article? Binocular's colors in 3rd place look a different shade to the ones shown for is win. Thanks.

LINE:  I dont care if you unblock me, but I DEMAND that you undo the revert of my post on Orangemarlins talk page. It is not vandalism, it is totally 100% relevant to the discussion and you have no right to remove it, especially before he has read it.

CORRECTED:  I do nt care if you unlock me , but I DEMAND that you undo the every of my post on Orangemarlins talk page .
It is not vandalism , it is totally 100 % relevant to the discussion and you have no right to remove it , especially before he has read it . 

ISPELL:  I don't care if you unblock me, but I DEMAND that you undo the revert of my post on Orange marlins talk page. It is not vandalism, it is totally 100% relevant to the discussion and you have no right to remove it, especially before he has read it.

LINE:  The WHA - When Hull Arrived.

CORRECTED:  The WHA - When Hull Arrived . 

ISPELL:  The WHOA - When Hull Arrived.

LINE:  Evan Blass (Update)

CORRECTED:  Evan glass ( Update ) 

ISPELL:  Evans Blasts (Update)

LINE:  I have made the following comment on the Talk page for Evan Blass:

CORRECTED:  I have made the following comment on the Talk page for Evan glass : 

ISPELL:  I have made the following comment on the Talk page for Evans Blasts:

LINE:  My search of any document that might bear Einstein's name - in the League of Nations archive - in between 1930 - 1932 returns no results. See -archive.unog.ch/archivplan.aspx. By reviewing five books dealing with Einstein's work and life - not a single one mentioned this Einstein's support to the Ustase cause. Just one, written in German,

CORRECTED:  My search of any document that might bear Einstein a name - in the League of Nations archive - in between 1930 - 1932 returns no results .
See -archive.unog.ch / archivplan.aspx .
By reviewing five books dealing with Einstein i work and life - not a single one mentioned this Einstein as support to the Ustase cause .
Just one , written in German , 

ISPELL:  My search of any document that might bear Einstein's name - in the League of Nations archive - in between 1930 - 1932 returns no results. See -archive.unog.ah/archivplan.asp. By reviewing five books dealing with Einstein's work and life - not a single one mentioned this Einstein's support to the Ustase cause. Just one, written in German,

LINE:  Einstein: Sein Leben by Denis Brian, Christine von Samson-Mark, Wiley-VCH, 2005 page 352

CORRECTED:  Einstein :
in Leben by cenis Brian , Christine von Samson - Mark , Wiley - VCH , 2005 page 352 

ISPELL:  Einstein: Stein Leben by Dennis Brian, Christine Avon Samson-Mark, Wiley-VCR, 2005 page 352

LINE:  Indem er sich den Angelegenheiten seines eigenen Landes zuwandte, empoerte sich Einstein ueber deutsche Studenten, die fuer die Entlassung eines Professors agitierten, weil dieser ein Pazifist gegen politisch motivierte Todesurteile war. "Es ist entsertzlich zu sehen, wie die unerfahrene Jugend fehlgeleitet wird", schrieb er an das Berliner Tageblatt. "Wenn dies so weitergeht, werden wir

CORRECTED:  Indem er sich den
Angelegenheiten seines eigenen andes zuwandte , empoerte sich
Einstein ever deutsche Studenten , die for die Entlassung eyes Professors agitierten , we dieser ein
Pazifist gegen politisch motivierte Todesurteile war . "
as ist entsertzlich i seen , we die unerfahrene
Jugend fehlgeleitet wind " , schrieb er an as Berliner Tageblatt . "
Wenn dies so weitergeht , warden or 

ISPELL:  Index her sic den Angelegenheiten sines eigenen Landers zuwandte, empoerte sic Einstein weber Deutsch Studenten, die fur die Entlassung dines Professors agitierten, veil dieter rein Pacifist gegen politisch motivierte Todesurteile war. "Bes fist entsertzlich zu seen, wide die unerfahrene Jug end fehlgeleitet weird", schrieb her an DA's Berliner Tageblatt. "Penn dies so weitergeht, warden whir

LINE:  nach einer Tyrannei der Faschisten bei einer Herrschaft des Rotten Terrors ankommen." Er glaubte, dass eine solche Herrschaft bereits in Jugoslawien ausgeloest worden sei und kritisierte die Landesregierung fuer den Mord an dem kroatischen Fuehrer, Professor Milan Sufflay, der Geschichte an der Universitaet von Zagreb gelehrt hatte.

CORRECTED:  each eider Tyrannei or Faschisten be eider Herrschaft is Rotten Terrors ankommen . "
Er glaubte ,
as in solche Herrschaft bereits in Jugoslawien ausgeloest warden i and kritisierte die Landesregierung for den
for an de kroatischen Fuehrer , Professor Milan Sufflay , or Geschichte an de Universitaet von Zagreb gelehrt hate . 

ISPELL:  natch veiner Tyrannei oder Faschisten be veiner Herrschaft odes Rotten Terrors ankommen." Her glaubte, ass dine solche Herrschaft berets in Jugoslawien ausgeloest Borden semi fund kritisierte die Landesregierung fur den Mod an deem kroatischen Fuehrer, Professor Milan Sufflay, oder Geschichte an oder Universitaet Avon Zagreb gelehrt Hattie.

LINE:  Reading further this book it is clear that the only information available to Einstein was 'The "inside story" of the ufflay murder was given by the Croat journalist (Ustase propagandist), Slavko Cihlar, in the Berliner Tageblatt, February 26, 1931.'

CORRECTED:  Reading further this book it is clear that the only information available to Einstein was ' The " inside story " of the ufflay murder was given by the Croat journalist ( Ustase propagandist ) , Slavko Cihlar , in the Berliner Tageblatt , February 26 , 1931 . ' 

ISPELL:  Reading further this book it is clear that the only information available to Einstein was 'The "inside story" of the ufflay murder was given by the CCoatjournalist (Ustase propagandist), Slavko Cihlar, in the Berliner Tageblatt, February 26, 1931.'

LINE:  Appeal of the Croatian Academicians to the World of Civilisation: How the Croatian Savant, Professor of University, Dr. Milan Sufflay was Murdered by the Serbian Royal Dictatorship

CORRECTED:  Appeal of the Croatian Academicians to the World of Civilisation : How the Croatian avant , Professor of University , Dr. Milan Sufflay was Murdered by the Serbian Royal Dictatorship 

ISPELL:  Appeal of the Croatian Academician to the World of Civilization: How the Croatian Avant, Professor of University, Dr. Milan Sufflay was Murdered by the Serbian Royal Dictatorship

LINE:  by Marius Turda, Paul Weindling, Central European University Press, 2007 page 107

CORRECTED:  by Marius Turda , Paul Weindling , Central European University Press , 2007 page 107 

ISPELL:  by Marcus Turda, Paul Weindling, Central European University Press, 2007 page 107

LINE:  Shortly afterwards, students from the Croatian University Club Association produced an English language pamphlet, How the Croatian Savant, Professor of University Dr. Milan ufflay, was Murdered by the Serbian Royal Dictatorship, in which they appealed to European public opinion to recognize that the murder of ufflay was the result of endeavors to build an absolutist South Slav state. In such a state, the "European culture" of Croatia and the Croatian was to be replaced by Serbian suzerainty, in which "orthodox, byzantine, oriental-asiatic and oldtuc (sic) political and social traditions" had been subsumed into a system "not only contrary but also odious to European culture

CORRECTED:  Shortly afterwards , students from the Croatian University Club Association produced an English language pamphlets , How the Croatian avant , Professor of University Dr. Milan ufflay , was Murdered by the Serbian Royal Dictatorship , in which they appealed to European public opinion to recognize that the murder of ufflay was the result of endeavors to build an absolutist South Slav state .
In such a state , the " European culture " of Croatia and the Croatian was to be replaced by Serbian suzerainty , in which " orthodox , byzantine , oriental - asiatic and oldtuc ( i ) political and social traditions " had been subsumed into a system " not only contrary but also odious to European culture 

ISPELL:  Shortly afterwards, students from the Croatian University Club Association produced an English language pamphlet, How the Croatian Avant, Professor of University Dr. Milan ufflay, was Murdered by the Serbian Royal Dictatorship, in which they appealed to European public opinion to recognize that the murder of ufflay was the result of endeavors to build an absolutist South Slav state. In such a state, the "European culture" of CrCroatiannd the Croatian was to be replaced by Serbian suzerainty, in which "orthodox, byByzantineoriental-asAsiaticnd oldtuc (sic) political and social traditions" had been subsumed into a system "not only contrary but also odious to European culture

LINE:  Turda also says that "His murder occasioned international condemnation and outrage from, among others, Albert Einstein and Heinrich Mann of the German League for the Rights of Man" (no source was given)

CORRECTED:  Turda also says that " His murder occasioned international condemnation and outrage from , among others , Albert Einstein and Heinrich and of the German League for the Rights of Man " ( no source was given ) 

ISPELL:  Turda also says that "His murder occasioned international condemnation and outrage from, among others, Albert Einstein and Heinrich Manna of the German League for the Rights of Man" (no source was given)

LINE:  Thinking about Yugoslavia: Scholarly Debates about the Yugoslav Breakup and the Wars in Bosnia and Kosovo by Sabrina P. Ramet, Cambridge University Press, 2005 page 254

CORRECTED:  Thinking about Yugoslavia : Scholarly Debates about the Yugoslav Breakup and the Wars in Bosnia and Kosovo by Sabrina P. Ramet , Cambridge University Press , 2005 page 254 

ISPELL:  Thinking about Yugoslavia: Scholarly Debates about the Yugoslav Breakup and the Wars in Bosnia and Kosovo by Sabrina P. Ram et, Cambridge University Press, 2005 page 254

LINE:  Goldstein (Croatian historian) leaves the question of agency to the side and writes simply that ufflay, who, as he notes, was an accomplished observer of Albanian culture, 'was killed on the street in Zagreb. The killers were never found" see also: Croatia: A History

CORRECTED:  Goldstein ( Croatian historian ) leaves the question of agency to the side and writes simply that ufflay , who , as he notes , was an accomplished observer of Albanian culture , ' was killed on the street in Zagreb .
The killers were never found " see also :
Croatia : A History 

ISPELL:  Goldstein (Croatian historian) leaves the question of agency to the side and writes simply that ufflay, who, as he notes, was an accomplished observer of Albanian culture, 'was killed on the street in Zagreb. The killers were never found" see also: CCroatian A History

LINE:  by Ivo Goldstein, translated by Nikolina Jovanovic, McGill-Queen's Press - MQUP, 1999 - page 125

CORRECTED:  by Ivo Goldstein , translated by Nikolina Jovanovic , McGill - Queen us Press - MQUP ,
1999 - page 125 

ISPELL:  by TiVo Goldstein, translated by Nikolina Jovanovich, McGill-Queen's Press - MQUP, 1999 - page 125

LINE:  Women, Gender, and Fascism in Europe, 1919-45: 1919-1945 By Kevin Passmore, Manchester University Press, 2003 page 115, Fascism in Croatia chapter: Ante Starcevic and Milan ufflay, who used a demonic concept of Serbs as the cornerstone of their ideologies.

CORRECTED:  Women , Gender , and Fascism in Europe , 1919 - 45 : 1919 - 1945
By Kevin Passmore , Manchester University Press , 2003 page 115 , Fascism in Croatia chapter : Ante Starcevic and Milan ufflay , who used a demoniac conceit of hers as the cornerstone of their ideologies . 

ISPELL:  Women, Gender, and Fascism in Europe, 1919-45: 1919-1945 By Kevin Pass more, Manchester University Press, 2003 page 115, Fascism in Croatian chapter: Ante Starcevic and Milan ufflay, who used a demonic concept of SHerbsas the cornerstone of their ideologies.

LINE:  Conflicts: Studies in Contemporary History by Lewis Bernstein Namier, Macmillan, 1942 page 49

CORRECTED:  Conflicts : Studies in Contemporary History by Lewis Bernstein Namier , Macmillan , 1942 page 49 

ISPELL:  Conflicts: Studies in Contemporary History by Lewis Bernstein Namer, Macmillan, 1942 page 49

LINE:  The racial theories of a Croat writer named ufflay were taken up since Sufflay had held that the Croats were not Slavs like the Serbs, bu were descendants of a settlement of Goths.

CORRECTED:  The racial theories of a Croat writer named ufflay were taken up since Sufflay had held that the Croats were not Slavs like the herbs , i were descendants of a settlement of Goths . 

ISPELL:  The racial theories of a Coat writer named ufflay were taken up since Sufflay had held that the CCoatswere not Slavs like the SHerbs bbudwere descendants of a settlement of GGoth

LINE:  Sufflay was indicted in 1921 for espionage and connections with Croatian emigres and sentenced to athree year prison term

CORRECTED:  Sufflay was indicated in 1921 for espionage and connections with Croatian emigre and sentenced to three year prison term 

ISPELL:  Sufflay was indicted in 1921 for espionage and connections with Croatian emigres and sentenced to three year prison term

LINE:  Hey! The edits I made were legit and were not vandalism! Those are legit player nicknames placed in the format player nicknames are commonly placed in...

CORRECTED:  Hey !
The exit I made were legit and were not vandalism !
Those are legit player nickname placed in the formal player nickname are commonly placed in ... 

ISPELL:  Hey! The edits I made were leg it and were not vandalism! Those are leg it player nicknames placed in the format player nicknames are commonly placed in...

LINE:  Thank you for this, but, if I understand correctly, you are assuming that the force is proportional to the magnitude of the apparent wind. But the total force on the sails is proportional to the square of the magnitude of the apparent wind, so the forward force depends on the angle and on the square of the magnitude. That is the relation that I used for the 135-degree table above. But maybe I misundertand your formulas and your table.

CORRECTED:  Thank you for this , but , if I understand correctly , you are assuming that the force is proportional to the magnitude of the apparent wind .
But the total force on the sails is proportional to the square of the magnitude of the apparent wind , so the forward force depends on the angle and on the square of the magnitude .
That is the relation that I used for the 135-degree table above .
But maybe I misunderstand your formulas and your table . 

ISPELL:  Thank you for this, but, if I understand correctly, you are assuming that the force is proportional to the magnitude of the apparent wind. But the total force on the sails is proportional to the square of the magnitude of the apparent wind, so the forward force depends on the angle and on the square of the magnitude. That is the relation that I used for the 135-degree table above. But maybe I misunderstand your formulas and your table.

LINE:  Phylogenies (i.e., dictomously branching processes) are processes that involve things, that is, objects, and as such have to be modeled by Object-Oriented Modeling in order to be consistent with the distinction of objects. Darwins model of evolution illustrates biological species as objects, and is thus no different from phylogenies of other kinds of objects (like asexually reproducing cells or mitochondria). Now, as an Object-Oriented Model, the model actually represents two consecutive objects (i.e., two objects in a row) by each of its internal lines (i.e., lines between nodes): one after a node and one before a node; the former belonging to the category (i.e., concept) 'objects after nodes' and the latter to the category 'objects before nodes'. If the model includes all objects of a certain category, then both of these make up this category. In summary: phylogenies consist of two categories (i.e., concepts) of objects: objects before nodes and objects after nodes, and if the phylogeny includes all things of a category, then these two categories make up this category.

CORRECTED:  Phylogenies ( i.e. , dictomously branching processes ) are processes that involve things , that is , objects , and as such have to be modelled by Object - Oriented Modeling in order to be consistent with the distinction of objects .
Darwins model of evolution illustrates biological species as objects , and is thus no different from phylogenies of other kinds of objects ( like asexually reproducing cells or mitochondria ) .
Now , as an Object - Oriented Model , the model actually represents two consecutive objects ( i.e. , two objects in a row ) by each of its internal lines ( i.e. , lines between nods ) : one after a note and one before a note ; the former belonging to the category ( i.e. , conceit ) ' objects after nods ' and the latter to the category ' objects before nods ' .
If the model includes all objects of a certain category , then both of these make up this category .
In summary : phylogenies consist of two categories ( i.e. , conceits ) of objects : objects before nods and objects after nods , and if the phylogeny includes all things of a category , then these two categories make up this category . 

ISPELL:  Phylogenies (i.e., dictomously branching processes) are processes that involve things, that is, objects, and as such have to be modeled by Object-Oriented Modeling in order to be consistent with the distinction of objects. Darwin model of evolution illustrates biological species as objects, and is thus no different from phylogenies of other kinds of objects (like sexually reproducing cells or mitochondria). Now, as an Object-Oriented Model, the model actually represents two consecutive objects (i.e., two objects in a row) by each of its internal lines (i.e., lines between nodes): one after a node and one before a node; the former belonging to the category (i.e., concept) 'objects after nodes' and the latter to the category 'objects before nodes'. If the model includes all objects of a certain category, then both of these make up this category. In summary: phylogenies consist of two categories (i.e., concepts) of objects: objects before nodes and objects after nodes, and if the phylogeny includes all things of a category, then these two categories make up this category.

LINE:  (Cladistics, or cladism as I prefer to call it, confuses the concept 'objects after nodes' with the concept 'objects before nodes' by defining lines between nodes as single things, thereby confusing category with object, that is kind with thing, thus confusing conceptualization itself. The approach is actually a return to a pre-scientific stage, this time denying the incompatibility between pattern and process instead of acknowledging it and solving it consistently. It is a return alley that no scientist had ever expected anyone to advocate. If this approach could ever be proved to be correct, then it would mean that reality only exists in our own heads. Luckily, Einstein's discovery that time is relative to space falsifies the approach (i.e., claim), and this it did even before the approach was born. Cladism was thus shown to be wrong before it emerged). Consist (presently at )

CORRECTED:  ( Cladistics , or cladism as I prefer to call it , confuses the conceit ' objects after nods ' with the conceit ' objects before nods ' by refining lines between nods as single things , thereby confusing category with object , that is kind with thing , thus confusing conceptualization itself .
The approach is actually a return to a pre - scientific stage , this time denying the incompatibility between pattern and process instead of acknowledging it and solving it consistently .
It is a return alley that no scientist had ever expected anyone to advocate .
If this approach could ever be proved to be correct , then it would mean that reality only exists in our own heads .
Luckily , Einstein a discovery that time is relative to space falsified the approach ( i.e. , claim ) , and this it did even before the approach was born .
Cladism was thus shown to be wrong before it emerged ) .
Consist ( presently at ) 

ISPELL:  (Cladistics, or cladism as I prefer to call it, confuses the concept 'objects after nodes' with the concept 'objects before nodes' by defining lines between nodes as single things, thereby confusing category with object, that is kind with thing, thus confusing conceptualization itself. The approach is actually a return to a pare-scientific stage, this time denying the incompatibility between pattern and process instead of acknowledging it and solving it consistently. It is a return alley that no scientist had ever expected anyone to advocate. If this approach could ever be proved to be correct, then it would mean that reality only exists in our own heads. Luckily, Einstein's discovery that time is relative to space falsifies the approach (i.e., claim), and this it did even before the approach was born. Cladism was thus shown to be wrong before it emerged). Consist (presently at )

LINE:  how are you today? I've been looking over your fetal alcohol work, and it's pretty sharp. my dad's a doc, and he did a lot of work at johns hokins with that, he looked at it too. good work.

CORRECTED:  how are you today ?
I have been looking over your fatal alcohol work , and it is pretty sharp .
my dad is a do , and he did a lot of work at john hopkins with that
, he looked at it too .
good work . 

ISPELL:  how are you today? I've been looking over your fetal alcohol work, and it's pretty sharp. my dad's a Doc, and he did a lot of work at johns Hopkins with that, he looked at it too. good work.

LINE:  so, yeah the will mcwhinney article certainly has you all in a tizzy. I'm not looking to out anyone or anyhting, it's just gotten to the point that well, i think there's a reason, and other people too, to read about this fascinating community activist. I was telling Will beback, i've been a memebr of Sierra club since i was akid, my parents enlisted me and made some rather large donations in my name throughout my life, and i've done the same wiht my own children. It's a cool way to move things forward, like that movie, but hoefulyl much less trite. Anyhow.. what's the good word with you today? I think of our battles more like the old warner brothers cartoon with the coyote and the sheepdog, punching in before they set out to undermine one another. Because that's whats happening here, I'm actualyl writing some pretty solid stuff here, and you and will beback are bending over backwards to break rules and uphold them agaijnst me. Look, over at biff rose, there was a flargrant violation of the 3rr standard, and I pointed out that to Will beback that each time i made that violation, i was blocked and banned. i see that the person who did it this time was not blocked or banned. so you know, I've got a whole list of these that is being sandboxed by another ip, to follow up on, as i told will, you need to play fair for me to adhere to any standards you want to uphold. you can't just block an article, because true information is being disseminated through it. Well you can, but it's against the wiki rules, and so you are in violation, though i don't really think you care, anyhow, hope you keep your head above water, and I'l lsee you at the fights, so to speak. Have a good day, I''ll remain civil, as long as you do.. but you 've got to remain civil in your actions too, ok? Ok.

CORRECTED:  so , yea the will mcwhinney article certainly has you all in a dizzy .
I am not looking to out anyone or anyhting , it is just gotten to the point that well
, i think there is a reason , and other people too , to read about this fascinating community activist .
I was telling Will beback , i have been a memebr of Sierra club since i was and , my parents enlisted me and made some rather large donations in my name throughout my life , and i have done the same it my own children .
It is a cool way to move things forward , like that move , but hoefulyl much less rite .
Anyhow .. what is the good word with you today ?
I think of our battles more like the old warmer brothers cartoon with the coyote and the sheepdog , punching in before they set out to underline one another .
Because that is what s happening here , I am actuall writing some pretty solid stuff here , and
you and will beback are bending over backwards to break rules and uphold them against me .
Look , over at buff rose , there was a flagrant violation of the err standard , and I pointed out that to Will beback that each time i made that violation , i was blocked and banned .
i see that the person who did it this time was not blocked or banned .
so you know , I have got a whole list of these that is being sandboxed by another i , to follow up on , as i told will , you need to play fair for me to adhere to any standards you want to uphold .
you ca not just block an article , because true information is being disseminated through it .
Well you can ,
but it is against the wiki rules , and so you are in violation , though i do not really think you care
, anyhow , hope you keep your head above water , and I'l see you at the fights , so to speak .
Have a good day , I''ll remain civil , as long as you do ..
but you ' i got to remain civil in your actions too , of ?
i . 

ISPELL:  so, yeah the will mcwhinney article certainly has you all in a tizzy. I'm not looking to out anyone or anything, it's just gotten to the point that well, i think there's a reason, and other people too, to read about this fascinating community activist. I was telling Will be back, i've been a member of Sierra club since i was kid, my parents enlisted me and made some rather large donations in my name throughout my life, and i've done the same whit my own children. It's a cool way to move things forward, like that movie, but hoefulyl much less trite. Anyhow.. what's the good word with you today? I think of our battles more like the old warner brothers cartoon with the coyote and the sheep dog, punching in before they set out to undermine one another. Because that's whats happening here, I'm actually writing some pretty solid stuff here, and you and will be back are bending over backwards to break rules and uphold them against me. Look, over at miff rose, there was a flagrant violation of the 3err standard, and I pointed out that to Will be back that each time i made that violation, i was blocked and banned. i see that the person who did it this time was not blocked or banned. so you know, I've got a whole list of these that is being sandboxed by another IP, to follow up on, as i told will, you need to play fair for me to adhere to any standards you want to uphold. you can't just block an article, because true information is being disseminated through it. Well you can, but it's against the Wiki rules, and so you are in violation, though i don't really think you care, anyhow, hope you keep your head above water, and I'l see you at the fights, so to speak. Have a good day, I''all remain civil, as long as you do.. but you 'Ave got to remain civil in your actions too, OK? OK.

LINE:  Then applying the same defintion to C the answer is no. Do you see the problem here?

CORRECTED:  Then applying the same definition to C the answer is no .
Do you see the problem here ? 

ISPELL:  Then applying the same definition to C the answer is no. Do you see the problem here?

LINE:  The question is whether it is a widely held mainstream view that the IQ test score gap is likely to be significantly explainable by genetic factors. Note that the question is not whether it is the only mainstream view, nor whether it has been proven to account for the entire gap, but only about whether it is considered a probable explanation by a wide selection of mainstream scholars.

CORRECTED:  The question is whether it is a widely held mainstream view that the IQ test score gap is likely to be significantly explainable by generic factors .
Note that the question is not whether it is the only mainstream view , nor whether it has been proved to account for the entire gap , but only about whether it is considered a probable explanation by a wide selection of mainstream scholars . 

ISPELL:  The question is whether it is a widely held mainstream view that the ID test score gap is likely to be significantly explainable by genetic factors. Note that the question is not whether it is the only mainstream view, nor whether it has been proven to account for the entire gap, but only about whether it is considered a probable explanation by a wide selection of mainstream scholars.

LINE:  OK! I'll buy "fortunately" with regard to the images of the Park, but not to the everpresent noise from the motorway, regardless of how easy it makes the access. Can't you put an "un" in front of it? Like the descriptions of the absentee hermit and the visitors!

CORRECTED:  OK !
I all buy " fortunately " with regard to the images of the Park , but not to the everpresent noise from the motorway , regardless of how easy it makes the access .
Ca not you put an " un " in front of it ?
Like the descriptions of the absented hermit and the visitors ! 

ISPELL:  OK! I'll buy "fortunately" with regard to the images of the Park, but not to the ever present noise from the motor way, regardless of how easy it makes the access. Can't you put an "UN" in front of it? Like the descriptions of the absentee hermit and the visitors!

LINE:  is in the discussion page where a suggestion is made. WTF? If Pats1 cannot handle the truth, then step aside.

CORRECTED:  is in the discussion page where a suggestion is made .
WTF ?
If Pats1 can not handle the truth , then step aside . 

ISPELL:  is in the discussion page where a suggestion is made. WFF? If Pats1 cannot handle the truth, then step aside.

LINE:  Please can you read the talk page and do as you were asked, ie: make proposals there. Thanks. -

CORRECTED:  Please can you read the talk page and do as you were asked , i : make proposals there .
Thanks .
- 

ISPELL:  Please can you read the talk page and do as you were asked, die: make proposals there. Thanks. -

LINE:  You do realize your statement there is enough of a reason for you to be completely blocked from editing, forever? However, I'll assume good faith and reply. What do you mean "not impressed"? Not impressed at the policy, or that it exists, or what? talkediting

CORRECTED:  You do realize your statement there is enough of a reason for you to be completely blocked from editing , forever ?
However , I all assume good faith and reply .
What do you mean " not impressed " ?
Not impressed at the policy , or that it exists , or what ?
talkediting 

ISPELL:  You do realize your statement there is enough of a reason for you to be completely blocked from editing, forever? However, I'll assume good faith and reply. What do you mean "not impressed"? Not impressed at the policy, or that it exists, or what? talk editing

LINE:  If "anti-vax" (or "anti-vaccinationist") is perjorative, how would you categorize "vaccinator" and "allopath"?

CORRECTED:  If " anti - a " ( or " anti - vaccinationist " ) is perjorative , how would you categorize " vaccinator " and " allopath " ? 

ISPELL:  If "anti-Vax" (or "anti-vaccinationist") is pejorative, how would you categorize "vaccinator" and "allopath"?

LINE:  Please try to be constructive and understand that an ecyclopedia should not contain unsourced claims, such as the previous claim that tried to convince people that there is a legal problem. It seems that you are not constructive as you support people who try to add unsourced claims. I removed a maintenance tag that is nonsense as it cannot be resolved the way the initiator likes to. I could however agree, that we keep the maintenance tag for a while to give people the chance to give a verification for their related claim not to be alleged. If nobody is able to prove that there is a legal problem (which is what I expect as nobody could prove that claim during the past 7 years), we of course need to keep "alleged".

CORRECTED:  Please try to be constructive and understand that an ecyclopedia should not contain unsourced claims , such as the previous claim that tried to convince people that there is a legal problem .
It seems that you are not constructive as you support people who try to add unsourced claims .
I removed a maintenance tag that is nonsense as it can not be resolved the way the initiator likes to .
I could however agree , that we keep the maintenance tag for a while to give people the chance to give a verifications for their related claim not to be alleged .
If nobody is able to prove that there is a legal problem ( which is what I expect as nobody could prove that claim during the past 7 years ) , we of course need to keep " alleged " . 

ISPELL:  Please try to be constructive and understand that an encyclopedia should not contain unsourced claims, such as the previous claim that tried to convince people that there is a legal problem. It seems that you are not constructive as you support people who try to add unsourced claims. I removed a maintenance tag that is nonsense as it cannot be resolved the way the initiator likes to. I could however agree, that we keep the maintenance tag for a while to give people the chance to give a verification for their related claim not to be alleged. If nobody is able to prove that there is a legal problem (which is what I expect as nobody could prove that claim during the past 7 years), we of course need to keep "alleged".

LINE:  what ever happened to her sword, i am aware one of her desendants from her brothers had procession of her letters and 1 of her sword but it was lost, has it been found? how does it look like? k thx.

CORRECTED:  what ever happened to her sword , i am aware one of her defendants from her brothers had procession of her letters and 1 of her sword but it was lost , has it been found ?
how does it look like ?
k thy . 

ISPELL:  what ever happened to her sword, i am aware one of her descendants from her brothers had procession of her letters and 1 of her sword but it was lost, has it been found? how does it look like? k th.

LINE:  Will one of you open an SPI case please? Once that's done I'll take a look. Cheers, talk

CORRECTED:  Will one of you open an SPI case please ?
Once that is done I will take a look .
Cheers , talk 

ISPELL:  Will one of you open an SPIC case please? Once that's done I'll take a look. Cheers, talk

LINE:  Re: Darren Ross

CORRECTED:  Re : barren Ross 

ISPELL:  Re: Barren Ross

LINE:  A legit request, but I don't think it's really called for unless it's seen rapid-fire, recent recreation. The re-creations of the page have been huge spans apart, months at least, for the most part. I would gladly bet my wardrobe it's never going to demonstrate this person is notable, but it may just be some more proficient user at some point may wander in and do it properly. Until then, the page's recreation isn't really a pervasive enough menace to warrant salting, in my own opinion. If it starts up at a really high pace, then I'd definitely say it's called for. That's just my personal take on it, anyway! - (Talk)

CORRECTED:  A legit request , but I do not think it is really called for unless it is seen rapid - fire , recent recreation .
The re - creations of the page have been huge spans apart , months at least , for the most part .
I would gladly bet my wardrobe it is never going to demonstrate this person is notable , but it may just be some more proficient user at some point may wander in and do it properly .
Until then , the page as recreation is not really a pervasive enough menace to warrant salting , in my own opinion .
If it starts up at a really high pace , then I a definitely say it is called for .
That is just my personal take on it , anyway ! -
( Talk ) 

ISPELL:  A leg it request, but I don't think it's really called for unless it's seen rapid-fire, recent recreation. The re-creations of the page have been huge spans apart, months at least, for the most part. I would gladly bet my wardrobe it's never going to demonstrate this person is notable, but it may just be some more proficient user at some point may wander in and do it properly. Until then, the page's recreation isn't really a pervasive enough menace to warrant salting, in my own opinion. If it starts up at a really high pace, then I'd definitely say it's called for. That's just my personal take on it, anyway! - (Talk)

LINE:  And another addition since then. Please don't use these experimental formats until there is consensus to have an alternative; if you don't use them outside sandboxes, there will be no incentive to discuss their deletion. PMAnderson

CORRECTED:  And another addition since then .
Please do not use these experimental formats until there is consensus to have an alternative ; if you do not use them outside bandboxes , there will be no incentive to discuss their deletion .
PMAnderson 

ISPELL:  And another addition since then. Please don't use these experimental formats until there is consensus to have an alternative; if you don't use them outside sandboxes, there will be no incentive to discuss their deletion. PM Anderson

LINE:  I agree, but shouldn't we put something like "German breakout" in the outcome box?

CORRECTED:  I agree , but should not we put something like " German breakout " in the outcome box ? 

ISPELL:  I agree, but shouldn't we put something like "German break out" in the outcome box?

LINE:  Sure, we can do that. You can go ahead and edit the article Swedish, French, Italian women. I think it is more of a regional thing that everybody around Georgia thinks that Georgian women are pretty. I don;t think that statement makes that much of a differece or requires that much of a discussion. I am sure we can cite it using on of the travel guides to Georgia.

CORRECTED:  Sure , we can do that .
You can go ahead and exit the article Swedish , French , Italian women .
I think it is more of a regional thing that everybody around Georgia thinks that Georgian women are pretty .
I don;t think that statement makes that much of a difference or requires that much of a discussion .
I am sure we can cite it using on of the travel guides to Georgia . 

ISPELL:  Sure, we can do that. You can go ahead and edit the article Swedish, French, Italian women. I think it is more of a regional thing that everybody around Georgia thinks that Georgian women are pretty. I don;t think that statement makes that much of a difference or requires that much of a discussion. I am sure we can cite it using on of the travel guides to Georgia.

LINE:  I noticed you spelled politics as "politcs" on your userboxes. If this is intentional, it's all good. If not, I didn't feel right editing your userpage. (Thanks for the "greatest website" userbox, by the way!)

CORRECTED:  I noticed you spilled politics as " politics " on your userboxes .
If this is intentional , it is all good .
If not , I did not feel right editing your userpage .
( Thanks for the " greatest website " userbox , by the way ! ) 

ISPELL:  I noticed you spelled politics as "politics" on your user boxes. If this is intentional, it's all good. If not, I didn't feel right editing your user page. (Thanks for the "greatest web site" user box, by the way!)

LINE:  Perhaps there should be an external link from the Human_Rights_and_Equal_Opportunity_Commission page to your writings in order to demonstrate a great example of the sort of comment that promotes racial and religious intollerance? Do you have any strong feelings either way regarding External links?

CORRECTED:  Perhaps there should be an external link from the Human_Rights_and_Equal_Opportunity_Commission page to your writings in order to demonstrate a great example of the sort of comment that promote racial and religious intollerance ?
Do you have any strong feelings either way regarding External links ? 

ISPELL:  Perhaps there should be an external link from the Human_Rights_and_Equal_Opportunity_Commission page to your writings in order to demonstrate a great example of the sort of comment that promotes racial and religious intolerance? Do you have any strong feelings either way regarding External links?

LINE:  Not sure. The Roman army was made up of many "disposable" armies of mercenary and only the legions were true Roman decendents. I'm pretty sure military service was mandatory in order to remain in the Roman Empire. I see you are right about religious persecution. I must have been misinformed. Before an ethnic group could enter Roman boundaries to serve under Rome for their protection.

CORRECTED:  Not sure .
The Roman army was made up of many " disposable " armies of mercenary and only the legions were true Roman decendents .
I am pretty sure military service was mandatory in order to remain in the Roman Empire .
I see you are right about religious persecution .
I must have been misinformed .
Before an ethni group could enter Roman boundaries to serve under Rome for their protection . 

ISPELL:  Not sure. The Roman army was made up of many "disposable" armies of mercenary and only the legions were true Roman descendents. I'm pretty sure military service was mandatory in order to remain in the Roman Empire. I see you are right about religious persecution. I must have been misinformed. Before an ethnic group could enter Roman boundaries to serve under Rome for their protection.

LINE:  Nope, you're wrong. You can't block all possible IPs I could use, as that is impossible. Thanks for trying though, chin up pal -)

CORRECTED:  hope , you are wrong .
You ca nt block all possible IPs I could use , as that is impossible .
Thanks for trying though , chin up a - ) 

ISPELL:  Nope, you're wrong. You can't block all possible Dips I could use, as that is impossible. Thanks for trying though, chin up pal -)

LINE:  Your argument is that we should take your word over that of the sources. All you have said is your own personal opinion and original research rather than facts supported by reliable sources. As I stated earlier, present reliable sources stating otherwise if you disagree with the sources given. Secondly, there is nothing wrong with the integrity of the sources given. You claim that the Global Financial Centres Index commissioned by the City of London Corporation must be biased because it is based in London. You fail to mention the other two sources given, Forbes and Mastercard, both of which are American and based in New York City. Nor do you provide any sources supporting your notion that the City of London Corporation is a biased institution. It is clear from this argument that the article faces two choices, it can go with Thmc1's own personal opinion and original research, or the word of the City of London Corporation, Forbes, and Mastercard.

CORRECTED:  Your argument is that we should take your word over that of the sources .
All you have said is your own personal opinion and original research rather than facts supported by reliable sources .
As I stated earlier , present reliable sources stating otherwise if you disagree with the sources given .
Secondly , there is nothing wrong with the integrity of the sources given .
You claim that the Global Financial Centres Index commissioned by the City of London Corporation must be biased because it is based in London .
You fail to mention the other two sources given , Forbes and Mastercard , both of which are American and based in New York City .
Nor do you provide any sources supporting your notion that the City of London Corporation is a biased institution .
It is clear from this argument that the article faces two choice , it can go with Thmc1 i own personal opinion and original research , or the word of the City of London Corporation , Forbes , and Mastercard . 

ISPELL:  Your argument is that we should take your word over that of the sources. All you have said is your own personal opinion and original research rather than facts supported by reliable sources. As I stated earlier, present reliable sources stating otherwise if you disagree with the sources given. Secondly, there is nothing wrong with the integrity of the sources given. You claim that the Global Financial Centers Index commissioned by the City of London Corporation must be biased because it is based in London. You fail to mention the other two sources given, Forbes and Master card, both of which are American and based in New York City. Nor do you provide any sources supporting your notion that the City of London Corporation is a biased institution. It is clear from this argument that the article faces two choices, it can go with HMC1's own personal opinion and original research, or the word of the City of London Corporation, Forbes, and Master card.

LINE:  No problem. I was confused by the see also because it wasn't italicised, so I didn't realise it was actually about a publication, I just thought it was about contemporary Japan! Anyway, I've made a few final tweaks, but now it's good to pass. Nice work.

CORRECTED:  No problem .
I was confused by the see also because it was not italicised , so
I did not realise it was actually about a publication , I just thought it was about contemporary Japan !
Anyway , I have made a few final tweakes , but now it is good to pass .
Nice work . 

ISPELL:  No problem. I was confused by the see also because it wasn't italicized, so I didn't realize it was actually about a publication, I just thought it was about contemporary Japan! Anyway, I've made a few final tweaks, but now it's good to pass. Nice work.

LINE:  Kindly leave my page as is. Rembrandt and Paul (da 'man) C. feel that same way - may we suggest another hobby that would be more suitable for your free time, like hunting for dangling participles? Here's one for a start:

CORRECTED:  Kindly leave my page as is .
Rembrandt and Paul ( da ' man ) C. feel that same way - may we suggest another hobby that would be more suitable for your free time , like hunting for dangling participles ?
Here is one for a start : 

ISPELL:  Kindly leave my page as is. Rembrandt and Paul (DA 'man) C. feel that same way - may we suggest another hobby that would be more suitable for your free time, like hunting for dangling participles? Here's one for a start:

LINE:  It's good fun when you get going. Whistlersghost

CORRECTED:  It is good fun when you get going .
Whistlersghost 

ISPELL:  It's good fun when you get going. Whistlers ghost

LINE:  Those who take the trouble to access the reference in the CS will see that it refers to a reprinting of the official ECB press release.

CORRECTED:  Those who take the trouble to access the reference in the CS will see that it refers to a reprinting of the official ECB press release . 

ISPELL:  Those who take the trouble to access the reference in the CS will see that it refers to a reprinting of the official UCB press release.

LINE:  You're an admin, so is there a way of enforcing your recommendation if it is ignored by one or more of the parties to "the GIF ArbCom case"?

CORRECTED:  You are an adin , so is there a way of enforcing your recommendation if it is ignored by one or more of the parties to " the GIF ArbCom case " ? 

ISPELL:  You're an admit, so is there a way of enforcing your recommendation if it is ignored by one or more of the parties to "the GIF ArbCom case"?

LINE:  Could you provide a clickable internal link to the "GIF ArbCom case" so that we can read what it's about?

CORRECTED:  Could you provide a clickable internal link to the " GIF ArbCom case " so that we can read what it is about ? 

ISPELL:  Could you provide a click able internal link to the "GIF ArbCom case" so that we can read what it's about?

LINE:  While stubbornness is based on poor sources, the war will not end, just a little study, attention, touch, "Glam Metal '', please have mercy, is not there filter, are throwing everything in a common grave without any precept!

CORRECTED:  While stubbornness is based on poor sources , the war will not end , just a little study , attention , touch , " clam Metal '' , please have mercy , is not there filter , are throwing everything in a common grave without any precept ! 

ISPELL:  While stubbornness is based on poor sources, the war will not end, just a little study, attention, touch, "Gleam Metal '', please have mercy, is not there filter, are throwing everything in a common grave without any precept!

LINE:  I've spent the past six weeks overhauling the hip hop dance article and now that I've finished I posted it for peer review here. I decide to invite you to review it because you've edited this page in the past and based on you contribution history you tend to edit articles that have to do with music/entertainment. I would appreciate your feedback. Be forewarned that this is a long article. Not including refs/external links, templates, and categories it's 7 pages printed. If you accept my invitation to review you may want to print it first and make your edits that way. I found it easier to read and to correct when I did this. Although long, it makes for a good read during a lunch break, a bus ride, or pure boredom. I learned a lot myself while rewriting this article. If you like to learn, this could be an incentive for you.

CORRECTED:  I have spent the past six weeks overhauling the hip hop dance article and now that I have finished
I posted it for peer review here .
I decide to invite you to review it because you eve edited this page in the past and based on you contribution history you tend to exit articles that have to do with music / entertainment .
I would appreciate your feedback .
Be forewarned that this is a long article .
Not including reefs / external links , templates , and categories it is 7 pages printed .
If you accept my invitation to review you may want to print it first and make your exits that way .
I found it easier to read and to correct when I did this .
Although long , it makes for a good read during a lunch break , a us ride , or pure boredom .
I learned a lot myself while rewriting this article .
If you like to learn , this could be an incentive for you . 

ISPELL:  I've spent the past six weeks overhauling the hip hop dance article and now that I've finished I posted it for peer review here. I decide to invite you to review it because you've edited this page in the past and based on you contribution history you tend to edit articles that have to do with music/entertainment. I would appreciate your feedback. Be forewarned that this is a long article. Not including reefs/external links, templates, and categories it's 7 pages printed. If you accept my invitation to review you may want to print it first and make your edits that way. I found it easier to read and to correct when I did this. Although long, it makes for a good read during a lunch break, a bus ride, or pure boredom. I learned a lot myself while rewriting this article. If you like to learn, this could be an incentive for you.

LINE:  Give me a little bit, and I'll look into this. SWATJester Son of the Defender

CORRECTED:  Give me a little bit , and I all look into this .
SWATJester Son of the Defender 

ISPELL:  Give me a little bit, and I'll look into this. Swat Jester Son of the Defender

LINE:  The article could definitely use some refinement, but you are basing your edits on the work of fringe authors like Peter Korrel, Mike Ashle,y and Frank Reno; none of them are reliable sources and much of what they write is spurious nonsense. Another problem with your edits is that you are padding the article with too much tangential, fluffy details that do not need to be here.

CORRECTED:  The article could definitely use some refinement , but you are basin your exits on the work of fringe authors like Peter sorrel , like Ashle , y and Frank beno ; none of them are reliable sources and much of what they write is spurious nonsense .
Another problem with your exits is that you are padding the article with too much tangential , fluffy details that do not need to be here . 

ISPELL:  The article could definitely use some refinement, but you are basing your edits on the work of fringe authors like Peter Sorrel, Mike Ashley,y and Frank Keno; none of them are reliable sources and much of what they write is spurious nonsense. Another problem with your edits is that you are padding the article with too much tangential, fluffy details that do not need to be here.

LINE:  Both of those are now fixed. To use the , enter nn as the prod reason. talk

CORRECTED:  Both of those are now fixed .
To use the , enter in as the prod reason .
talk 

ISPELL:  Both of those are now fixed. To use the , enter Ann as the prod reason. talk

LINE:  Bal de la Rose

CORRECTED:  hal de la Rose 

ISPELL:  Bail ode la Rose

LINE:  Andr Ben Lassin

CORRECTED:  Andr Ben Lassin 

ISPELL:  Andre Ben LLas sin

LINE:  John Cunnington, Jr.

CORRECTED:  John Cunnington , Jr. 

ISPELL:  John Cunning ton, Jr.

LINE:  Berend van Dalfsen

CORRECTED:  Berend van Dalfsen 

ISPELL:  Be rend van Dalfsen

LINE:  M. Delcher Snchez

CORRECTED:  M. Delcher Snchez 

ISPELL:  M. Welcher Snchez

LINE:  Ecurie Belles Provinces

CORRECTED:  Ecurie Belles Provinces 

ISPELL:  Curie Belles Provinces

LINE:  Ecurie Mister Ess A S

CORRECTED:  Ecurie sister as A S 

ISPELL:  Curie Mister Bess A S

LINE:  Greenbay Stables Ltd

CORRECTED:  Greenbay Stables Ltd 

ISPELL:  Green bay Stables Ltd

LINE:  Javier Martinez Salmean

CORRECTED:  Javier Martinez Salmean 

ISPELL:  Wavier Martinez Sal mean

LINE:  Marquesa de Moratalla

CORRECTED:  Marquesa de Moratalla 

ISPELL:  Marquess ode Moratalla

LINE:  Paul de Moussac

CORRECTED:  Paul de Moussac 

ISPELL:  Paul ode Moussac

LINE:  Jean de Roualle

CORRECTED:  mean de Roualle 

ISPELL:  Jean ode Roualle

LINE:  My book on pre-1939 players gives it as 1911.

CORRECTED:  My book on pre-1939 players gives it as 1911 . 

ISPELL:  My book on pare-1939 players gives it as 1911.

LINE:  I compel you to treat me with good faith, and to cease this path of bigotry and condemnation you currently persue. I only want us to be capable of working together, and I will not stop until you submit - either through charity or shame - to my peaceful overtures.

CORRECTED:  I compel you to treat me with good faith , and to cease this path of bigotry and condemnation you currently persue .
I only want us to be capable of working together , and I will not stop until you submit - either through charity or shame - to my peaceful overtures . 

ISPELL:  I compel you to treat me with good faith, and to cease this path of bigotry and condemnation you currently peruse. I only want us to be capable of working together, and I will not stop until you submit - either through charity or shame - to my peaceful overtures.

LINE:  There is some confusion over Poniatowski's status. But no confusion over his gallantry, flamboyance or wothiness as a Marshal. Besides, his inclusion would further help to illustrate the GLA's international composition, especially post 1809.

CORRECTED:  There is some confusion over Poniatowski as status .
But no confusion over his gallantry , flamboyance or wothiness as a Marshal .
Besides , his inclusion would further help to illustrate the GLA as international composition , especially post 1809 . 

ISPELL:  There is some confusion over Poniatowski's status. But no confusion over his gallantry, flamboyance or worthiness as a Marshal. Besides, his inclusion would further help to illustrate the GLA's international composition, especially post 1809.

LINE:  Tread carefully and be certain you read the references correctly. It's a long history crammed into a month. (Also read the exchanges between the user and who has already complained about personal attacks.) I don't usu run to mommy, even if she is on my side (or, as the case may be, in my pocket).

CORRECTED:  Tread carefully and be certain
you read the references correctly .
It is a long history crammed into a month .
( Also read the exchange between the user and who has already complained about personal attacks . )
I do not us run to mammy , even if she is on my side ( or , as the case may be , in my pocket ) . 

ISPELL:  Tread carefully and be certain you read the references correctly. It's a long history crammed into a month. (Also read the exchanges between the user and who has already complained about personal attacks.) I don't us run to mommy, even if she is on my side (or, as the case may be, in my pocket).

LINE:  Try youtube for highlights from the matches pre-08/09. There's usually various clips around from people who recorded highlights programs.

CORRECTED:  Try youtube for highlights from the matches pre-08/09 .
There is usually various clips around from people who recorded highlights program . 

ISPELL:  Try YouTube for highlights from the matches pare-08/09. There's usually various clips around from people who recorded highlights programs.

LINE:  This requires a discussion? Silly indeed. The edit you prefer mentioned a right-handed model which the left-handed Iommi played upside down. Fine. Then it jumped immediately to "the original left-handed SG guitar". Don't you suppose the average reader might stop and think "What original left-handed SG guitar is being referred to"? So I restored the original text which explains it. It's one sentence for God's sake, and it serves to provide some needed context.

CORRECTED:  This requires a discussion ?
Silly indeed .
The exit you prefer mentioned a right - handed model which the left - handed Iommi played upside down .
Fine .
Then it jumped immediately to " the original left - handed SG guitar " .
Do not you suppose the average reader might stop and think " What original left - handed SG guitar is being referred to " ?
So I restored the original text which explains it .
It is one sentence for God is sake , and it serves to provide some needed context . 

ISPELL:  This requires a discussion? Silly indeed. The edit you prefer mentioned a right-handed model which the left-handed Iommi played upside down. Fine. Then it jumped immediately to "the original left-handed USG guitar". Don't you suppose the average reader might stop and think "What original left-handed USG guitar is being referred to"? So I restored the original text which explains it. It's one sentence for God's sake, and it serves to provide some needed context.

LINE:  LAWL. Thanks for the untrue report. You have no evidence for your claim.

CORRECTED:  LAWL .
Thanks for the untrue report .
You have no evidence for your claim . 

ISPELL:  AWL. Thanks for the untrue report. You have no evidence for your claim.

LINE:  Do you have become a superstar in Bangladesh?

CORRECTED:  Do you have become a superstar in Bangladesh ? 

ISPELL:  Do you have become a super star in Bangladesh?

LINE:  Well this is kind of Bangladesh's superstars and models and we didn't know how Pratyya could be the model for Bangladesh as of May 2015 in the world Pratyya Ghosh seems to be a little lonely and he guesses that he wants to be an actor Are you sure to want be a supermodel in Bangladesh? I hope you have starred in 100 films. The 182 guy

CORRECTED:  Well this is kind of Bangladesh as superstars and models
and we did not know how Pratyya could be the model for Bangladesh as of May 2015 in the world
Pratyya Ghosh seems to be a little lonely and he guessed that he wants to be an actor
Are you sure to want be a supermodel in Bangladesh ?
I hope you have starred in 100 film .
The 182 guy 

ISPELL:  Well this is kind of Bangladesh's super stars and models and we didn't know how Pratyya could be the model for Bangladesh as of May 2015 in the world Pratyya Gosh seems to be a little lonely and he guesses that he wants to be an actor Are you sure to want be a super model in Bangladesh? I hope you have starred in 100 films. The 182 guy

LINE:  ok ok jeez you don't need to get worked up because I made your user page so much better

CORRECTED:  o of jeuz you do not need to get worked up because I made your user page so much better 

ISPELL:  OK OK jeep you don't need to get worked up because I made your user page so much better

LINE:  C (Huntington Route) Metro Center - Huntington (blue/orange-blue-blue/yellow-yellow)

CORRECTED:  C ( Huntington Route )
Metro Center - Huntington ( blue / orange - blue - blue / yellow - yellow ) 

ISPELL:  C (Hunting ton Route) Metro Center - Hunting ton (blue/orange-blue-blue/yellow-yellow)

LINE:  G (Addison Road Route) D junction - Largo Town Center (blue)

CORRECTED:  G ( Addison Road Route )
D junction - cargo Town Center ( blue ) 

ISPELL:  G (Addison Road Route) D junction - Argo Town Center (blue)

LINE:  yeah we sure could use some more POV pushers from "Loseristan".

CORRECTED:  yea we sure could use some more POV pushes from " Loseristan " . 

ISPELL:  yeah we sure could use some more POD pushers from "Loseristan".

LINE:  Mr. Caldwell is shown here wearing a numbers tag from a State Penitentiary, so apparently he was charged with other crimes, than just the one Federal charge we are being told about here.

CORRECTED:  Mr. Caldwell is shown here wearing a numbers tag from a State Penitentiary , so apparently he was charged with other crimes , than just the one Federal charge we are being told about here . 

ISPELL:  Mr. Cal dwell is shown here wearing a numbers tag from a State Penitentiary, so apparently he was charged with other crimes, than just the one Federal charge we are being told about here.

LINE:  OK, my mistake, so in that case, feel free to resubmit the AFC.

CORRECTED:  OK , my mistake , so in that case , feel free to resubmit the AFC . 

ISPELL:  OK, my mistake, so in that case, feel free to resubmit the RFC.

LINE:  (whether it was gambling on mortgages, which were mostly refinancings, or on other Synthetic CDOs). So, essentially, if a vast portion of the market is basically people gambling on home equity lines of credit and refinancings, is it really accurate to just call it 'subprime crisis'?

CORRECTED:  ( whether it was gambling on mortgage , which were mostly refinancings , or on other Synthetic CDOs ) .
So , essentially , if a vast portion of the market is basically people gambling on home equity lines of credit and refinancings , is it really accurate to just call it ' subprime crisis ' ? 

ISPELL:  (whether it was gambling on mortgages, which were mostly refinancings, or on other Synthetic Cods). So, essentially, if a vast portion of the market is basically people gambling on home equity lines of credit and refinancings, is it really accurate to just call it 'sub prime crisis'?

LINE:  I didn't realize discussion was required to prevent dirsuption to the enyclopedia. Thanks for the note. xeno talk

CORRECTED:  I did not realize discussion was required to prevent dirsuption to the enyclopedia .
Thanks for the note .
xeno talk 

ISPELL:  I didn't realize discussion was required to prevent disruption to the encyclopedia. Thanks for the note. xexenonalk

LINE:  My hog is size 10 soft 15 with a nice Chubb chubb

CORRECTED:  My hog is size 10 soft 15 with a nice Chubb chub 

ISPELL:  My hog is size 10 soft 15 with a nice Chubby chubby

LINE:  I see that you are deleting my corrections regarding the General American accent, in the article "Midwest," which quite wrongly implies that General American is owned lock stock and barrel by that region. It's nonsense. The General American accent is spoken all over the north, from Seattle to Connecticut. You are going to have to come up with some citations which realistically and accurately show that the northern accent originated in or is unique to the Midwest, before I'kk allow you continue deleting my writings without a fight. It certainly is not unique to the Midwest, a region which was not even settled by English speakers until barely 150 years ago, after the northern accent was known to exist in places like Pennsylvania and upstate NY, and Connecticut. It really bugs me to see the Midwest taking ownership of an accent which began in the Northeast. The original author blunders badly by lumping the accents of certain urban areas of the northeast in with the rural areas. Anybody from my region, the Syracuse, NY area, formerly Albany, NY, knows that our accent it totally indistinguishable from that of the Midwest. I challange anybody to put a group of Midwestern speakers side-by-side with upstate New Yorkers, and tell which is which. It's impossible, it's the same accent, utterly and completely the same. And we've been speaking this way since before the Midwest was even settled, so it's nonsense to say it's a Midwest accent.

CORRECTED:  I see that you are deleting my corrections regarding the General American accent , in the article " Midwest , " which quite wrongly implies that General American is owned lock stock and barrel by that region .
It is nonsense .
The General American accent is spoken all over the north , from Seattle to Connecticut .
You are going to have to come up with some citations which realistically and accurately show that the northern accent originated in or is unique to the Midwest , before I'kk allow you continue deleting my writings without a fight .
It certainly is not unique to the Midwest , a region which was not even settled by English speakers until barely 150 years ago , after the northern accent was known to exist in places like Pennsylvania and upstate NY , and Connecticut .
It really but me to see the Midwest taking ownership of an accent which began in the Northeast .
The original author blunders badly by jumping the accents of certain turban areas of the northeast in with the rural areas .
Anybody from my region , the Syracuse , NY area , formerly Albany , NY , knows that our accent it totally indistinguishable from that of the Midwest .
I challenge anybody to put a group of Midwestern speakers side - by - side with upstate New Yorkers , and tell which is which .
It is impossible , it is the same accent , utterly and completely the same .
And we have been speaking this way since before the Midwest was even settled
, so it is nonsense to say it is a Midwest accent . 

ISPELL:  I see that you are deleting my corrections regarding the General American accent, in the article "Midwest," which quite wrongly implies that General American is owned lock stock and barrel by that region. It's nonsense. The General American accent is spoken all over the north, from Seattle to Connecticut. You are going to have to come up with some citations which realistically and accurately show that the northern accent originated in or is unique to the Midwest, before I'kk allow you continue deleting my writings without a fight. It certainly is not unique to the Midwest, a region which was not even settled by English speakers until barely 150 years ago, after the northern accent was known to exist in places like Pennsylvania and upstate ANY, and Connecticut. It really bugs me to see the Midwest taking ownership of an accent which began in the Northeast. The original author blunders badly by lumping the accents of certain urban areas of the northeast in with the rural areas. Anybody from my region, the Syracuse, ANY area, formerly Albany, ANY, knows that our accent it totally indistinguishable from that of the Midwest. I challenge anybody to put a group of Midwestern speakers side-by-side with upstate New Yorkers, and tell which is which. It's impossible, it's the same accent, utterly and completely the same. And we've been speaking this way since before the Midwest was even settled, so it's nonsense to say it's a Midwest accent.

LINE:  Mario Party 4 is the fourth in a series of board game style video games for Nintendo platforms, featuring popular Nintendo characters. It was released on the Nintendo GameCube in North America on October 21, 2002 strangely before the Japanese release on November 8, 2002. It was released on November 29, 2002 in Europe, being heavily criticised for being 'Nintendo's big GameCube Game' for Christmas 2002 as Metroid Prime was delayed until March 2003.

CORRECTED:  Mario Party 4 is the fourth in a series of board game style vide games for Nintendo platform , featuring popular Nintendo characters .
It was released on the Nintendo GameCube in North America on October 21 , 2002 strangely before the Japanese release on November 8 , 2002 .
It was released on November 29 , 2002 in Europe , being heavily criticise for being ' Nintendo as big GameCube Game ' for Christmas 2002 as Metroid Prime was delayed until March 2003 . 

ISPELL:  Mario Party 4 is the fourth in a series of board game style video games for Nintendo platforms, featuring popular Nintendo characters. It was released on the Nintendo Game Cube in North America on October 21, 2002 strangely before the Japanese release on November 8, 2002. It was released on November 29, 2002 in Europe, being heavily criticized for being 'Nintendo's big Game Cube Game' for Christmas 2002 as Metro id Prime was delayed until March 2003.

LINE:  Mario Party 4 was the first Mario Party that was released on the Nintendo GameCube. Each board had its own host, including Toad, Goomba, Shy Guy, Koopa, and Boo. Mario Party 4 also contains some characters new to the franchise; Thwomp and Whomp. Klepto, Dolphin, Lakitu, and Star, along with two completely new characters named Genie of the Lamp and Ztar, are included as well. Mario Party 4 retains the Story Mode found in Mario Party 3.

CORRECTED:  Mario Party 4 was the first Mario Party that was released on the Nintendo GameCube .
Each board had its own host , including Toad , Goomba , Shy Guy , Koopa , and to .
Mario Party 4 also contains some characters new to the franchise ; Thwomp and Whomp .
Klepto , Dolphin , Lakitu , and Star , along with two completely new characters named Genie of the Lamp and star , are included as well .
Mario Party 4 retains the Story Mode found in Mario Party 3 . 

ISPELL:  Mario Party 4 was the first Mario Party that was released on the Nintendo Game Cube. Each board had its own host, including Toad, Goomba, Shy Guy, Koopa, and Boo. Mario Party 4 also contains some characters new to the franchise; Thwomp and Whop. Klepto, Dolphin, Lakitu, and Star, along with two completely new characters named Genie of the Lamp and Tar, are included as well. Mario Party 4 retains the Story Mode found in Mario Party 3.

LINE:  The game, as usual, contains a standard party mode in which up to four players play through a board, trying to collect as many Stars as possible. The Star Space would appear randomly on the board, and players would have to reach it before anyone else. However, the Stars carry a price tag of 20 coins, and player has to earn those coins by winning minigames, which take place at the end of each turn (after all the players have rolled the Dice Block, which will always roll a number from one to ten).

CORRECTED:  The game , as usual , contains a standard party mode in which up to four players play through a board , trying to collect as many Stars as possible .
The Star Space would appear randomly on the board , and players would have to reach it before anyone else .
However , the Stars carry a price tag of 20 coins , and player has to earn those coins by winning minigames , which take place at the end of each turn ( after all the players have rolled the ice Block , which will always roll a number from one to ten ) . 

ISPELL:  The game, as usual, contains a standard party mode in which up to four players play through a board, trying to collect as many Stars as possible. The Star Space would appear randomly on the board, and players would have to reach it before anyone else. However, the Stars carry a price tag of 20 coins, and player has to earn those coins by winning mini games, which take place at the end of each turn (after all the players have rolled the Dice Block, which will always roll a number from one to ten).

LINE:  Battle minigames are like the 4-player games, but generally (with many exceptions) a little more elaborate. Battle games are usually tense because every player has to put a certain number of coins (from 5 - 50) into a pot. First place gets 70% of the pot, second place gets 30%, and a random player gets any coins lost in rounding.

CORRECTED:  Battle minigames are like the 4-player games , but generally ( with many exceptions ) a little more elaborate .
Battle games are usually tens because every player has to put a certain number of coins ( from 5 - 50 ) into a pot .
First place gets 70 % of the pot , second place gets 30 % , and a random player gets any coins lost in rounding . 

ISPELL:  Battle mini games are like the 4-player games, but generally (with many exceptions) a little more elaborate. Battle games are usually tense because every player has to put a certain number of coins (from 5 - 50) into a pot. First place gets 70% of the pot, second place gets 30%, and a random player gets any coins lost in rounding.

LINE:  Every Mario Party contains 60 to 80 minigames of a few different types. Four-player games are a free-for-all in which all players compete against each other. 2-on-2 and 1-on-3 minigames put players in groups, so they have to cooperate in the minigame to win, even though they are against each other in the main game. In most situations, winners of these games make 10 coins each.

CORRECTED:  Every Mario Party contains 60 to 80 minigames of a few different types .
Four - player games are a free - for - all in which all players compete against each other .
2-on-2 and 1-on-3 minigames put players in groups , so they have to cooperate in the minigame to win , even though they are against each other in the main game .
In most situations , sinners of these games make 10 coins each . 

ISPELL:  Every Mario Party contains 60 to 80 mini games of a few different types. Four-player games are a free-for-all in which all players compete against each other. 2-on-2 and 1-on-3 mini games put players in groups, so they have to cooperate in the mini game to win, even though they are against each other in the main game. In most situations, winners of these games make 10 coins each.

LINE:  A new addition to the Mario Party series was the Bowser mini-games. Players play in a very elaborate mini-game that ends when one player is eliminated in various ways. (See Bowser mini-game section below) The loser loses a pre-specified item, usually coins or items.

CORRECTED:  A new addition to the Mario Party series was the Bowser mine - games .
Players play in a very elaborate mine - game that ends when one player is eliminated in various ways .
( See Bowser mine - game section below )
The loser loses a pre - specified item , usually coins or items . 

ISPELL:  A new addition to the Mario Party series was the Bowser mini-games. Players play in a very elaborate mini-game that ends when one player is eliminated in various ways. (See Bowser mini-game section below) The loser loses a pare-specified item, usually coins or items.

LINE:  Bowser's Gnarly Party (Clear Story Mode to unlock it)

CORRECTED:  Bowser is Gnarly Party ( Clear Story Mode to unlock it ) 

ISPELL:  Bowser's Gnarl Party (Clear Story Mode to unlock it)

LINE:  Mushroom Space - Two boxes will appear (one big and one small). Choose one, and you will be given either a Mini Mushroom or a Mega Mushroom. (Note: The Mega Mushroom is not always in the large box, and the Mini Mushroom is not always in the small box.)

CORRECTED:  Mushroom Space - Two boxes will appear ( one big and one small ) .
Choose one , and you will be given either a Mini Mushroom or a Mega Mushroom .
( Note : The Mega Mushroom is not always in the large box , and the Mini Mushroom is not always in the small box . ) 

ISPELL:  Mushroom Space - Two boxes will appear (one big and one small). Choose one, and you will be given either a Mini Mushroom or a Omega Mushroom. (Note: The Omega Mushroom is not always in the large box, and the Mini Mushroom is not always in the small box.)

LINE:  Battle Space - A battle minigame will start in which players put a chosen amount of coins into a pot. The better you finish in the minigame, the more coins you will get back from the pot.

CORRECTED:  Battle Space - A battle minigame will start in which players put a chosen amount of coins into a pot .
The better you finish in the minigame , the more coins you will get back from the pot . 

ISPELL:  Battle Space - A battle mini game will start in which players put a chosen amount of coins into a pot. The better you finish in the mini game, the more coins you will get back from the pot.

LINE:  Bowser Space - Bowser may steal items from players or a Bowser minigame may begin.

CORRECTED:  Bowser Space - Bowser may steal items from players or a Bowser minigame may begin . 

ISPELL:  Bowser Space - Bowser may steal items from players or a Bowser mini game may begin.

LINE:  Direktor, after all that we have been through, I believe that we can clearly see Ceha's nationalist bigotry. Here it goes again. What disturbes me the most is that he is claiming this much detail. One thing is to make a map, the other thing is to make a map that has such detail like his proposed map does. But, do not worry, yesterday I figured out how to make a nice map and am currently working on it. ( ).

CORRECTED:  Direktor , after all that we have been through , I believe that we can clearly see Ceha as nationalist bigotry .
Here it goes again .
What disturbed me the most is that he is claiming this much detail .
One thing is to make a map , the other thing is to make a map that has such detail like his proposed map does .
But , do not worry , yesterday I figured out how to make a nice map and am currently working on it .
( ) . 

ISPELL:  Director, after all that we have been through, I believe that we can clearly see Ceha's nationalist bigotry. Here it goes again. What disturbs me the most is that he is claiming this much detail. One thing is to make a map, the other thing is to make a map that has such detail like his proposed map does. But, do not worry, yesterday I figured out how to make a nice map and am currently working on it. ( ).

LINE:  Oops sorry. See: It is not really "Stone Age Civilization", it is a "Civilization of stones", because they left us a lot of stones (ruins) and most of their work was on stones. Plz correct what's necessary.

CORRECTED:  tops sorry .
See :
It is not really " Stone Age Civilization " , it is a " Civilization of stones " , because they left us a lot of stones ( ruins ) and most of their work was on stones .
Plz correct what is necessary . 

ISPELL:  Oops sorry. See: It is not really "Stone Age Civilization", it is a "Civilization of stones", because they left us a lot of stones (ruins) and most of their work was on stones. Ply correct what's necessary.

LINE:  :Totally worth it -D YO 

CORRECTED:  : Totally worth it -D YO  

ISPELL:  :Totally worth it -D YON 

LINE:  Janurary 6, 2015

CORRECTED:  Janurary 6 , 2015 

ISPELL:  January 6, 2015

LINE:  sorry,i dont know sitush account used by multiple persons.please sir,for mutharaiyar articles i gave lot of reliable sources..please undo previous day deletion...

CORRECTED:  sorry , i do nt know sitush account used by multiply persons.please sir , for mutharaiyar articles i gave lot of reliable sources ..
please undo previous day deletion ... 

ISPELL:  sorry,i don't know situs account used by multiple persons.please sir,for mutharaiyar articles i gave lot of reliable sources..please undo previous day deletion...

LINE:  Sorry bout that... I'll try to remember better. Mahalo. Psst... love the smiley>

CORRECTED:  Sorry bout that ...
I will try to remember better .
Mahalo .
Psst ... love the smile > 

ISPELL:  Sorry bout that... I'll try to remember better. Ma halo. PST... love the smiley>

LINE:  I have added some information on Melina's run in other wrestling promotions, I still need to add some more about her run in OVW, feel free to edit the information

CORRECTED:  I have added some information on selina i run in other wrestling promotions , I still need to add some more about her run in OVW , feel free to exit the information 

ISPELL:  I have added some information on Melina's run in other wrestling promotions, I still need to add some more about her run in VOW, feel free to edit the information

LINE:  :::::::Understood. And just wondering, why is this section called RfA? I am far from having enough experience to become an admin, nor do I have any wish to become one currently. Triple M

CORRECTED:  : : : : : : : Understood .
And just wondering , why is this section called RfA ?
I am far from having enough experience to become an adin , nor do I have any wish to become one currently .
Triple M 

ISPELL:  :::::::Understood. And just wondering, why is this section called RCA? I am far from having enough experience to become an admit, nor do I have any wish to become one currently. Triple M

LINE:  Ta. Well I still think there might be some against this, I don't know if it offsets any numbering of the films, so I was hesitant to change it straight away. I don't blame anyone for questioning this, because this is the first thing I looked at when I saw the list on their website...

CORRECTED:  a .
Well I still think there might be some against this
, I do not know if it offsets any numbering of the film , so I was hesitant to change it straight away .
I do not blame anyone for questioning this , because this is the first thing I looked at when I saw the list on their website ... 

ISPELL:  TA. Well I still think there might be some against this, I don't know if it offsets any numbering of the films, so I was hesitant to change it straight away. I don't blame anyone for questioning this, because this is the first thing I looked at when I saw the list on their web site...

LINE:  Just because you were careless enough to leave your password for someone to steal, you do not need to annoy other people with your frustrations and tell everyone to panic, the world is not coming to an end as you keep exagerating, and Im sure most other people arent stupid enough to lose their password.But like

CORRECTED:  Just because you were careless enough to leave your password for someone to steal , you do not need to annoy other people with your frustration and tell everyone to panic , the world is not coming to an end as you keep exaggerating , and I m sure most other people are nt stupid enough to lose their password .
But like 

ISPELL:  Just because you were careless enough to leave your password for someone to steal, you do not need to annoy other people with your frustrations and tell everyone to panic, the world is not coming to an end as you keep exaggerating, and Aim sure most other people parent stupid enough to lose their password.But like

LINE:  Yeah, they're both puff-pieces written with obvious COI. One puff article is better than 2. The Dissident Aggressor

CORRECTED:  leah , they are both puff - pieces written with obvious COI .
One puff article is better than 2 .
The Dissident Aggressor 

ISPELL:  Yeah, they're both puff-pieces written with obvious COIL. One puff article is better than 2. The Dissident Aggressor

LINE:  Hello Mr. Gordon. I didn't feel like waiting until 2009 or one yar later to appeal. I would like to sincerely apologize, and I want to know if you are willing to accept these conditions. I don't want to be viewed as a threat, as I am quite nearby. t

CORRECTED:  Hello Mr. Gordon .
I did not feel like waiting until 2009 or one or later to appeal .
I would like to sincerely apologize , and I want to know if you are willing to accept these conditions .
I do not want to be viewed as a threat , as I am quite nearly .
t 

ISPELL:  Hello Mr. Gordon. I didn't feel like waiting until 2009 or one year later to appeal. I would like to sincerely apologize, and I want to know if you are willing to accept these conditions. I don't want to be viewed as a threat, as I am quite nearby. t

LINE:  What I was referring to is The Goon Show. The Pink Oboe was the main ne'er do well spy character in one of the shows. My old decrepit mind won't allow me to remember which one, but it will come back to me eventually.

CORRECTED:  What I was referring to is The son Show .
The Pink Oboe was the main never do well spy character in one of the shows .
My old decrepit mind wo not allow me to remember which one , but it will come back to me eventually . 

ISPELL:  What I was referring to is The Boon Show. The Pink Oboe was the main ne'er do well spy character in one of the shows. My old decrepit mind won't allow me to remember which one, but it will come back to me eventually.

LINE:  Thanks for your copyedit of The Long, Hot Summermuch appreciated!

CORRECTED:  Thanks for your copyedit of The Long , Hot Summermuch appreciated ! 

ISPELL:  Thanks for your copy edit of The Long, Hot Summer much appreciated!

LINE:  Wow J Delanoy, you must really love Brit Hume and hate science!!!!!

CORRECTED:  Wow J Delanoy , you must really love Brit fume and hate science ! ! ! ! ! 

ISPELL:  Wow J Delanoy, you must really love Bit Hume and hate science!!!!!

LINE:  Added link to Age of Mythology heaven. It has loads more info than can ever be described on one wiki page. Also, is a place to go for support for the game, as developers have abandoned it.

CORRECTED:  Added link to Age of Mythology heaven .
It has loads more into than can ever be described on one wiki page .
Also , is a place to go for support for the game , as developers have abandoned it . 

ISPELL:  Added link to Age of Mythology heaven. It has loads more info than can ever be described on one Wiki page. Also, is a place to go for support for the game, as developers have abandoned it.

LINE:  Friend, no problem with me. But just look at the discussion page and history of edits when "suspicious" persons are added. Croats or Serbs will claim he wasn't Bosniak but Croat or Serb, Bosniaks will denie and so on. But I'm glad you proposed Tvrtko, I'm considering to later add total number of votes, so we will see.fuchs

CORRECTED:  Friend , no problem with me .
But just look at the discussion page and history of exit when " suspicious " persons are added .
Croats or herbs will claim he was not Bosniak but Croat or her , Bosniaks will dense and so on .
But I am glad you proposed Tvrtko , I am considering to later add total number of votes , so we will see.fuchs 

ISPELL:  Friend, no problem with me. But just look at the discussion page and history of edits when "suspicious" persons are added. Coats or Herbs will claim he wasn't Bosniak but Coat or Serbo, Bosniaks will denied and so on. But I'm glad you proposed Tvrtko, I'm considering to later add total number of votes, so we will see.Fuchs

LINE:  False Friends of the Slavist

CORRECTED:  False Friends of the Slavist 

ISPELL:  False Friends of the Slavish

LINE:  A barnstar for you!

CORRECTED:  A barnstar for you ! 

ISPELL:  A barn star for you!

LINE:  The Barnstar of Diligence of stalking people I just had a chance to see what you've done to the high-speed trading, and keeping i one sided to the finacial industry. greak work stalker bo

CORRECTED:  The Barnstar of Diligence of stalking people I just had a chance to see what you have done to the high - speed trading , and keeping i one sided to the financial industry .
great work talker bo 

ISPELL:  The Barn star of Diligence of stalking people I just had a chance to see what you've done to the high-speed trading, and keeping i one sided to the financial industry. break work stalker boo

LINE:  As far as I know there were no warrants of arrest for Thomas Jefferson from the British Crown. There is nothing in the writings of Thomas Jefferson that states he was committing treason and could be hung. Jefferson, Washingtion, and Adams, according to Ferling (2000) believed they were slaves to the British government, not having any rights. They did not view themselves as outlaw rebels, rather, they wanted to be free to make their own laws that protected white people. Franklin apparently is the only Founding Father who mentioned being hung. Was Jefferson in the room at the time Franklin made this statement?

CORRECTED:  As far as I know there were no warrant of arrest for Thomas Jefferson from the British Crown .
There is nothing in the writings of Thomas Jefferson that states he was committing treason and could be hung .
Jefferson , Washingtion , and Adams , according to Ferling ( 2000 ) believed they were slaves to the British government , not having any rights .
They did not view themselves as outlaw rebels , rather , they wanted to be free to make their own laws that protected white people .
Franklin apparently is the only Founding Father who mentioned being hung .
Was Jefferson in the room at the time Franklin made this statement ? 

ISPELL:  As far as I know there were no warrants of arrest for Thomas Jefferson from the British Crown. There is nothing in the writings of Thomas Jefferson that states he was committing treason and could be hung. Jefferson, Washington, and Adams, according to Feeling (2000) believed they were slaves to the British government, not having any rights. They did not view themselves as outlaw rebels, rather, they wanted to be free to make their own laws that protected white people. Franklin apparently is the only Founding Father who mentioned being hung. Was Jefferson in the room at the time Franklin made this statement?

LINE:  That's my point. I looked for false positives or any feature that would distinguish these accounts, and there was none to be found. The unpleasant situation is that we had a user with a history of exactly this sort of problem with a set of circumstances, reported by users in good standing, that exactly matched sock puppetry. I had to make a difficult judgment call per all the available information, and the conclusion was a finding of sock puppetry. I have invited checkusers, and others, to review the report. Everything is available for inspection and comment. Talk

CORRECTED:  That is my point .
I looked for false positive or any feature that would distinguish these accounts , and there was none to be found .
The unpleasant situation is that we had a user with a history of exactly this sort of problem with a set of circumstances , reported by users in good standing , that exactly matched cock puppetry .
I had to make a difficult judgment call per all the available information , and the conclusion was a finding of cock puppetry .
I have invited checkusers , and others , to review the report .
Everything is available for inspection and comment .
Talk 

ISPELL:  That's my point. I looked for false positives or any feature that would distinguish these accounts, and there was none to be found. The unpleasant situation is that we had a user with a history of exactly this sort of problem with a set of circumstances, reported by users in good standing, that exactly matched sock puppetry. I had to make a difficult judgment call per all the available information, and the conclusion was a finding of sock puppetry. I have invited check users, and others, to review the report. Everything is available for inspection and comment. Talk

LINE:  Did you even look at my edit before reverting it? I did change it up as you wanted to say that Rex thinks it doesnt work. and as you said, it hits on many things that are also said elsewhere in the article, making it perfect for the lead. Just because it is stated elsewhere in the article by other sources doesn't mean we can also use this source. The more sources the better. I would suggest we both stop touching the article until you come up with a clear reason why it shouldn't be added. As I know all too well how this works, no one touches it in order to finish this dispute, and then the person who didn't want the information in the article will just stop discussing because they think they have won. and then revert whenever the page gets changed.

